## 1
dickster  11-102100 3 days agois this ocasio's sister4  replyshare msjoeshmoe  dickster  3 days agos1  replyshare happy meal  dickster  3 days agolol +1 replyshare kevin parten  3 days agowas the argument about heinz vs hunt's? this could get ugly.4  replyshare professor m  kevin parten  3 days agohunt's doesn't even qualify as actual ketchup...don't get me started on del monte. replyshare left unsaid  professor m  3 days agonot even mike hunt's sauce? replyshare antarez  3 days agomexicans usually have poor self control, lock her up so she can get beaten by other inmates.3  replyshare john j. jones  antarez  3 days agoa, yeah. clearly they eat whatever they want!!! muffin toppers by 301  replyshare californiaguy76  john j. jones  2 days agoyou obviously haven't been to gop states. big fat , gop women still styling their hair as if it's 1988, with rear ends the size of a barn.i guess it's just too much country fried chicken, and too much pecan pie. replyshare zumamom  3 days agosome people get offended at thesilliest things, and get violent anddefensive. watch out.3  replyshare jbinoc  zumamom  3 days agoespecially people of certain cultures and origins5  replyshare spencer jacobson  jbinoc  3 days agoyeah like white people, i agree. replyshare john j. jones  spencer jacobson  3 days agoagreed. why would anyone get upset that people sneak into their country and write on their walls and drive their property values down? just keep raising fees/taxes on everyone to pay for these wonderful people. now why would anyone take offense to that?3  replyshare mangard  spencer jacobson  3 days agoyeah. white people have trouble postponing gratification. not like negroes.2  replyshare happy meal  spencer jacobson  3 days agocertain cultures and origins is different from any particular race.but thanks for your racist response!racist progressive board trolls sure are dumb  replyshare californiaguy76  happy meal  2 days ago"certain cultures and origins" is clearly a racist reference.99.999999999999999999% of trump racist are pure cowards and express their racism often via code words and expressions.the racists are losing hence their anger and panick. replyshare happy meal  californiaguy76  2 days agothe racists are losing?funny, i look down at the border activity and see only #winningthanks, president trump replyshare webster  happy meal  3 days agolook at all the grammar errors; is english your first language? replyshare californiaguy76  jbinoc  3 days agoor the white los angeles county deputy arrested for sexual assault ?what's his culture? replyshare californiaguy76  jbinoc  3 days agomonahan, the former gop mayor of costa mesa, arrested for dui.what's his culture? replyshare antarez  californiaguy76  2 days agotry to stay on topic, i know it's difficult for you. who the hell loses it over ketchup ??? seriously ??? replyshare californiaguy76  antarez  2 days agotell that to all the racist posters on here.talking about culture.straight racism.i put racism and stupidity in it's place. replyshare bridez  californiaguy76  2 days agoyou put your version of racism and stupidity in your place, got it...2  replyshare happy meal  californiaguy76  2 days agoyou talking about robert/titan/webster/afra/coach?1  replyshare dennis paul  3 days ago"gallo was reportedly upset about not having received ketchup." seems reasonable.3  replyshare bridez  dennis paul  3 days agostabba ana, anacrime, way reasonable...5  replyshare left unsaid  3 days agoshe was disrespected, so the assault was justified. sic.2  replyshare pop mooney  2 days agoshould have stuck with the pico de gallo1  replyshare orangecountyca4  2 days agothe police played catch up with the ketchup assaulter, lol. sorry, can't help it.1  replyshare diversity....of thought  3 days agotwo positives i see here: 1. future potential employers will see this. 2. future male suitors will see this.1  replyshare antarez  diversity....of thought  2 days agonot really, most ghetto types would impregnate that loser to create the next generation of violent, ignorant mexi losers to continue the cycle of stupidity, cause they can !!!1  replyshare happy meal  antarez  2 days agosaid perfectly!1  replyshare terrig  3 days agonasty chica.1  replyshare john j. jones  3 days agouh yeah, excuse me, it is santa ana, who's surprised? there are no rules in s.a. !!!!!!1  replyshare zumamom  john j. jones  3 days agohas anyone checked the water supply there?1  replyshare bridez  zumamom  2 days agoi'd suspect the air over water, it's waaay tooo rampant!1  replyshare peter  3 days agopeople wonder why the nanny state is increasing it's power. this is why. permissive parents who abide by stupid teevee programs to learn how to handle children, self esteem programs in schools, stuck up entertainment stars who act like babies being embellished and treated as gods, same for useless politicians abolition of individual responsibility.the same moral decay that brought down the roman empire.enjoy the last remnants of strength and liberty in america while you can.1  replyshare professor m  peter  3 days agopeter, right subject, wrong article for it. it's much more likely that this crazy chick is a gang member (& probably a druggie) and is therefore used to getting her way with the threat of violence. spoiled kids who watch too much tv don't go apesh!t over not getting enough ketchup. try to keep up. replyshare californiaguy76  professor m  2 days agonot a gang member.if she was a gang member, the mcdonnells worker would have been picking up all her teeth on the floor or her brains. replyshare happy meal  californiaguy76  2 days agoyoure right. because most gang members are biack or hlspanlcs, they are inherently more violent. and more likely to be arrested for homicide.i love when dumb progressives prove me right!1  replyshare richard savy  3 days agoi guess that once you're hooked on the high fructose corn syrup in your ketchup people go a little cra-cra to get it.1  replyshare concerned citizen  3 days agowhat a dumbazz!1  replyshare irwin schmidt  3 days agomore proof big corprations dont care about empoyees or custumers.1  replyshare john j. jones  irwin schmidt  3 days agoirving, how so? you know you could start your own and ask bernie what you should pay your employees.3  replyshare happy meal  john j. jones  2 days agodont argue with irwin the troll. its just another one of titan/webster/afra akas replyshare antarez  irwin schmidt  2 days agoa stooopid reply from a stooopid moron !!!!1  replyshare alpinestar  3 days agowow, her life is really pathetic. getting arrested for ketchup. she needs to adjust her priorities in life... replyshare bridez  alpinestar  2 days agoshe'll blame it on hormone control...1  replyshare happy meal  bridez  2 days agoor whlte priveledge1  replyshare bulwinklemoose  3 days agooff her med's? or just plain stupid with a oppositional disorder
## 10
golly, funny story - same exact thing happened back in 2012 or 13- and tear gas was used. oddly, there was no outrage, no self righteous horsey cartoon, no - oh that's right obama was in office...what is the difference between "just let them in" and "open borders"?when people rush the border and try to force their past cbp, like they did to enter mexico, what is a more humane way to stop them and control the border than to use tear gas to disperse them?they are being allowed to make their asylum claims even though we know the vast majority will be denied by the courts. if history is a guide for every legitimate asylum claim 10 will be denied.the least important aspect of this crisis is whether or not the term invasion is appropriate bu that is a great open borders talking point.see more...there is absolutely no excuse for throwing rocks at law enforcement. these people have a strange way of garnering sympathy for their situation.i'm generally compassionate toward those wanting a better life for their family. i get that.but don't rush the border. don't throw rocks. it pretty much confirms all the worst stereotypes about illegal immigrants. if this is how you behave, then why would we want you here?none of these rock throwers are illegal immigrants. they are in mexico and mexico has granted them permission to be in mexico.according to the la times many of the people in the caravan entered mexico illegally after throwing rocks at police and trying to storm the southern border of mexico. are these your rock-throwing friends?migrants keep moving north after melee at the mexico-guatemala border leaves one dead and dozens injuredwww.latimes.com/world/mexico-americas/la-fg-mexico-migrant-caravan-20181029-story.htmland they're all going to be denied asylum in the us because mexico already offered it to them. asylum is supposed to be a way of escaping violence in one's home country -- the mere fact these people didn't accept it from mexico proves their asylum claims are fabricated -- they're coming for work, which makes them illegal immigrants.you don't know what you're talking about. whether or not a migrant has been "offered" asylum by mexico has no bearing whatsoever on whether or not the migrant can qualify for asylum in the us, should he or she have the opportunity to apply.um, yes it does. why do you think the asylum cases are heard by a judge? no court will grant asylum once it's known they turned it down in mexico -- it exposes their real intentions, which is being caught, then released into the us, and then disappearing into our country and never showing up for their hearing. if you dispute that very obvious fact, you're just plain ignorant.you have stated no facts. this is pure conjecture on your part. how would a us immigration judge know if a migrant had been "offered" asylum in mexico. do you think that mexico's gobernacin (department of state responsible for immigration law) shares information about "offers" of asylum in mexico with us immigration courts? why should they. it's none of their business and not relevant to any individual's application for asylum in the us. and on what basis do you claim to know the "real intentions" of 6,000 migrants? stop making things up to suit your anti-immigrant rhetoric.this is exactly what president trump predicted would happen with this lawless bunch. they already tore down the border crossing gates between guatemala and mexico, so i don't know why anyone is surprised. and shame on the people trying to fly the "firing tear gas at children" banner -- the blame is on the people trying to rush the border. the united states has the right to defend its sovereign border against a lawless horde.just what we needed, more fresh meat for the white supremacists demanding swift, decisive, and violent action against these asylum seekers. clearly, trump and his administration have learned that feeding their supporters' worst instincts is a very effective way to continue pleasing that base.you mean that 38% of the nation who make up trump's white nationalist base? the majority of us don't care what trump's base is pleased about.yes, they are technically "asylum seekers", but that does not mean that they actually qualify for asylum. over 90% of honduran asylum claims were rejected by the obama administration immigration judges.these people are economic migrants and do not qualify for asylum.us taxpayers fund training, weapons and intelligence for honduran police and military. results are cities with the world's highest rape and murder cases. what's up with that?yeah, why did president obama fund that program for 8 years?congress funds programs, not the executive branch.the monroe doctrine is a pursued with bipartisan enthusiasm because central america has been a nuisance to us presidents since 1847, the year we occupied vera cruz and mexico city.the universe is expanding faster than the speed of light. here on earth refugees are fleeing drug wars and oil wars while christians in high office dodge mercy and compassion.the president* using this as evidence of his rhetoric regarding these asylum seekers is the equivalent of someone starting a house fire and using it as proof that the structure was insufficiently fireproofed.when is the la times going to report on the 2,000 haitian migrants that recently arrived in tijuana and worked with the system in place there and found success?never understood mexico allowing caravan from south america like honduras, guatemala and so forth. eventually when they settle down here, the remittances are going to honduras and guatemala. it will hit mexico in their pocket book in the long runshooting tear gas at kids. shooting tear gas at parents trying to save their kids from violence and economic destitution caused at least in significant part by us policies. what a pathetic, know-nothing response.please, police have no problems shooting tear gas at us kids, what in the heck makes these people special? police have no problems killing unarmed kids and people. i guess you missed the la times article yesterday about the kids who are experiencing violence an economic destitution here in the us. you might want to go back and read that. the bottom line is these "migrant" parents (and i am using that term very loosely) need to be charged with child abuse and endangerment. maybe we should take a few of these "migrants" and their "kids" to yemen, syria, or the refugee camps in jordan and turkey. then they can see just how good they have it "back home". or maybe we make them all go to the southside of chicago or to baltimore. the kids living in these cities need asylum too from the bullet, death and violence in addition to the poverty and homelessness.see more...they should not rush our border! that is lawless. shame on you for acting as if the country defending its border is in the wrong.yea, right. the us military defending our border against unarmed civilians seeking asylum from violence and corruption in their own country. what a pretty picture of how trump and his supporters are maga.you don't even know how us asylum laws work, do you? if "violence and corruption in their own country" was their motivation for leaving, they would've accepted mexico's asylum offer. they're sole intention here is getting to the us for work, and that's unlawful.what solution do you propose as an alternative to securing our border?using children as pawns in order to gain entry into a country that doesn't want them. what a pathetic, know- nothing response.i am beginning to think that these people are fleeing prosecution rather than persecution. thank you, mexico, for deporting more & more of them each day.
## 100
another genius with face tattoos.replyshare48 likes....but he's a "star"......smh.replyshare17 likesand what's your point?replyshare1 likehis point is clear: that because he had one hit, people attributed his face tattoos to artistic genuis instead of mental instability which might have been an indicator of anti social tendencies. what was your point?replyshare14 likesshow 12 more replieshe looks like the love child of the wendy's girl and the surface of a high school detention hall's desk...replyshare32 likesok, smartass -- now i gotta clean up all this coffee and spit offa my keyboard...  well played, darksock!  roflreplyshare11 likesthe face only a down and out, probably in prison, mom could love.replyshare14 likeskeep the freak off the streets.replyshare10 likesheheheh, seriously, does he look like someone likely to 'mature into the law-abiding adult anticipated by' any plea agreement?replyshare10 likes"hehehe"?replyshare2 likesmany lives do not matter .....at all.replyshare11 likesanother rap role model working on his street cred. new step prison then getting jesus and finally release and work on the christian revival circuit with the rest of the talentless wash ups.replyshare9 likesi was born in 1935 and was a teenager in the 1950s  ..... we had beautiful romantic music ...... good movies, good presidents (fdr, ike, truman) where did this stuff come from and why does anyone listen to it ????    society has come down a long way in everything...... music ... movies ..... television ... politics and pretty much everything else     i just wonder how much farther down it can go until it explodes ???????replyshare6 likesyou realize adults said the exact same thing about your generation in the 1950s? right?and get off my lawn!replyshare12 likesand right there you are wrong. the 50's still had the big bands that their parents grew up listening to at the ballrooms (pre-radio) and at country hoedowns. the old-timer has a valid point. heck, i grew up in the 70's and i don't get the hard edged music of today either.replyshare3 likeswhat you are hearing is corporate rap, haven't you learned anything about corporations?replyshare4 likesshow 2 more replieswasted talent because he confuses "coolness" and being a badass, not as sophisticated hipness, but as being a criminal...replyshare5 likesthis message was deleted.your children, with your itunes.replyshare2 likeswho?replyshare4 likesyou finally make it in the industry but you stay a gang member? isnt the point to get out of that life?replyshare4 likeswhen he gets out of prison he can start a new band. i suggest he call it "the useless tattoos"replyshare5 likesand yet he looks so well put together and reasonable, like a guy that makes very well thought out choices.replyshare3 likesi bet that they would tat their brain matter if given the chance. the see through skull cap would be all the rage.replyshare1 likeomg tatoos all over his face... just has his nose left....replyshare2 likeslesson of the day kids: be careful what you put out into the universe. things tend to boomerang right back at you.replyshare2 likesnothing against tattoos, but i don`t like them against my skin. not one, at 54, and so proud. i like the goal of getting through life, with my skin the way it was when i was born.replyshare2 likesi'm surprised.  he looks like such a well adjusted chap.replyshare2 likesthis mug stay in trouble lol, makes no sense....replyshare2 likesthink he'll sing like a bird not unless he was  da boss in this gangreplyshare2 likesyou can always recognize the classy people who dedicate themselves to making our world a better place. theyre the ones with a lengthy rap sheet, clueless expression and tattoos on the face.replyshare2 likesgood, he can now show reckless indifference to his cell mates. #targetreplyshare1 likewhat??? are you serious. cant be. he looks so trust worthy.replyshare1 likea waste of human race, lock him up and let him rot in prisonreplyshare1 likegee i wonder how they picked this average joe out of a line up.replyshare1 likefine, upstanding young man.replyshare1 likehes got guilt written all over his face.replyshare1 like
## 11
woudn't these "migrants" be more comfortable waiting in their own home in their own country until their asylum paperwork clears?dear these are children, who knows if they have a home somewhere or not. asylum as defined by law says they are entitled to file in the us. durned those nasty law things.sweetheart, they can simply apply for asylum in their native country. darn that logic thing. and just for fun, please continue to pretend the unhcr doesn't exist and their native governments have no culpability.the illegal part of illegal immigration has got to stop! in the old days here (and elsewhere) people were grateful to get in to another country (legally) and then worked really hard at assimilating, mastering the language and getting their children into school and working hard in school. within a few generations, they were solidly in the middle class and contributing members of society, kids going to college, etc.nowadays people show up illegally, put additional strain on our social services (which, by the way, they have not paid into yet want to get something out of!) and then within the first or 0th generation start screaming and demanding for more and more support (free tuition for college, free meals at school for their 0th generation babies, driver's license rights, voting rights, etc etc) all the while they don't buy car insurance yet own cars and drive everywhere and cause accidents without being able to compensate for the damages, and they also use "anybody's" social security number when they get a job and cause lots of headache for the person who now has unexplained income on their taxes and doesn't know how to extricate themselves from this bureaucratic nightmare. the additional problems they bring sheer ignorance along with measles, tb, (other things that were mostly eradicated in the us but now have come back) along with the demands they make are untenable. we can't keep bringing in uneducated and ungrateful g.r.i.f.t.e.r.s. yes they are g.r.i.f.t.i.n.g the city, county state and federal government!  ssemy grandparents (both sides) immigrated legally to this country. they had to wait. they made sure their kids did well in school. (they were not well educated themselves but read constantly to better themselves and dove into the english language to assimilate along with their children)they made sure their kids were on the "straight and narrow" and did not join or start or participate in gangs (it was the italian mafia where they unfortunately settled, but it's as bad as the gangs or the ethnic mobs here in ca). all the kids went to school through high school. some went on to 2 or 4- year college, or trade school or secretary school, or started a business.. these were all valid and upstanding choices..then and now. their kids (me and all my cousins) went one step further from the launch pad they provided us and we all went to 2-or 4-year college or trade school and/or started our own businesses. legal businesses that operate above-board and pay our taxes.i feel that if your first encounter with our country is an illegal act of storming the gates and sneaking in...and we continue allow it...and then reward it with after-the-fact amnesty...then the usa deserves its fall from grace (which we are now experiencing...faster and faster..) but i'm not happy about it. wish our leaders at all levels could pull their head out of their collected "but" and stop this trampling of our once-great country.we are the next byzantine empire or roman empire that was massive and in control...and then fell to the depths of destruction. self-destruction. if the country could see a "therapist" the usa would be prescribed in-patient mental rehab treatment!see more...dear illegal aliens are not eligible for any social services so not putting a strain on them. nope not demanding free tuition.my grandparents came to the us as well. nope didn't have to wait, just bought a ticket on a ship and got off when they got to the us. they didn't spend their time reading because they were farmers. their children well they didn't get in trouble but the children of immigrants have always been in trouble in higher numbers than children who were children of non immigrants simply because their lives were more complicated, they were poorer and their parents tended to both be working hard to survive and couldn't spend much time with them.ethinc gangs? dear read some history. the us has always had ethnic gangs, german gangs in the 1840s, irish gangs in the 1850s, asian gangs in the 1870s, italian and jewish gangs around the turn of the twentierth century and well into the 1920s. the mafia was at least as bad if not worse than the "ethnic gangs today" my father who grew up in southern california between 1910 and 1930 remembered the yugoslavian gangs of san pedro. my mother who grew up in texas between 1915 and 1931 remembered the gangs who came out to their small farming community in the texas hill country to beat up three different group. the immigrants, the black people and the "mexicans. the golden past where everyone was hard working and kept to the straight and narrow never existed. weirdly enough according to the fbi immigrants both legal and illegal are less likely to be criminals than native born americans.illegal aliens have been part and parcel of every nation on earth (excluding north korea) including the us for over a century. it wasn't really possible to be an illegal alien before about 1870 and then only if you were asian. ah yes the once great country that is falling apart. dear every empire and nation rises and falls. did you believe the us was any different? the us was never the shining city on the hil. like every other nation on earth it has always had elements of greatness and terrible disastrous horror. i would be interested in when do you think the us was great. when we were a nation whick had slavery? was lynching of not just black people but hispanic, native americans and jews the great time in the us? how about when the kkk was marching? perhaps the us was great when only the "pale people" could vote or even when just the "male pale people".see more..."what began as an emergency, 30-day shelter has transformed into a vast tent city that could cost taxpayers more than $430 million.""for each night a child spends at tornillo, taxpayers spend up to $1,200 to pay the direct care workers, cooks, cleaners, teachers and emergency services workers."oww! us taxpayers are getting played, big time.im center-right, id say, on the current caravan articles trending now, but this is inexcusable. incomplete background checks on (probably mostly) low wage employees who will be charged with the health and welfare of very at-risk children of all ages. the children have no say in any of this, they go where theyre told, by parents, unrelated immigrant adults, camp supervisors, and are completely at the mercy of all these adults, kind or otherwise.they couldnt have called it tornillo by accident, the name says it all. screw.scott lloyd needs to be excommunicated! where is the pope!did we invite these occupants? no. are they free to leave at any time (by accepting deportation, again on our dime)? yes. taxpayers getting utterly and endlessly fleeced by the onslaught of illegal aliens. if $400million annually isn't enough to flush away on this single facility, should we put federal employees on unpaid leave to improve conditions for these uninvited guests? where in our budget would you like to slash to accommodate illegal aliens and the extremely expensive support, education, welfare, healthcare, and food that they collectively extract and defraud from our finite available resources? maybe newsom or garcetti should field that question as it pertains to california/los angeles.dear these are children. they don't have the legal right to even make any decision, including the legal ability to agree to be dumped in some other country which may or may not be their place of origin.illegal aliens are not eligible for welfare and education, sorry that was decided during the reagan administration. food? wow so we shouldn't feed children now. ah yes our finite resources. well whatever the us is short of it isn't food. neither newsom or garcetti have anything to do with immigration. get a copy of the constitution and read it.see more...it's really heavy on my heart, said reynoso-gonzalez. how did we get to this place, why do we have so many children out there?ask the central american parents who do not use birth control.of course it's more expensive than a hotel. us taxpayers are paying for translators, counselors, food, kitchen staff, and security for this place.it is nothing compared to the retirement $$ that people who leave congress will get for the rest of their lives. at least some of these people will eventually get jobs perhaps in the u.s. and pay taxes and pay into social security.in the meantime, we'll be spending over $12,000 per child every year in education costs alone. then there are the medical, food, and housing costs. many of them will probably end up on welfare for the rest of their lives. the number of congress members is fixed at 435 each year. that's nothing compared to the millions of illegal immigrants currently in the us and the millions more who are trying to enter/remain in the us illegally.this is outrageous: "  staff up tornillo without the required child abuse and neglect checks"yup lets put who knows who in charge of children. child rape is going to ensue with the mystery employees. heck they don't even know who they are, just might be illegal aliens.
## 12
despite the above protests about mitch not being a violent skin head, his house wouldn't have been searched if he hadn't made those not too subtle threats. it's illegal to threaten to kill someone, and when you have a lot of weapons to back it up, the police are going to take it seriously for very good reasons.the crime is not possessing a picture of hitler, nor the stupid claim in the article about how many guns a dealer might have, it is threatening to kill a man over a dispute.i think that laguna beach police sgt. jim cota needs to get out a little more if he can say i dont even know of any gun dealers that have 50-plus guns,. yeah, lots of gun dealers have more than 50 guns. heck, a lot of gun enthusiasts have more than 50 guns. that does not make them more dangerous. after all, how many can they carry and use at one time? three or four?i particularly liked the "detectives discovered several pounds of ammunition". wow, so about 3 boxes of ammunition. big deal.i'm not even a gun owner but even i bristle when the la times writes that cops seized "rifles  some resembling semi-automatic weapons." again, i'm not an expert, but doesn't semi-automatic just mean it fires every time you pull the trigger, and aren't the majority of rifles sold therefore semi-auto? she probably means semi-auto that 'resembles automatic weapons' like an ak or m16? ah, forget it.guns and nazis - never a good combination.did the guy train his doves to fly in a swastika formation?that would have been cool*listen you cheapskate, when my doves gotta p**p they gotta p**p. it would be a shame if something were to 'happen' to your car right after you washed it.*too bad the copy desk can't come up with a catchy headline based on prince's 1984 song. i'm dating myself here.a titanis walleri in dove's clothing.i think the dove handler was owed his fee here. i would like to see the underlying contract, but he transported the doves to the location and was ready to go, so the man should have been paid. in the future, i would recommend hiring a professional debt collection service or small-claims court instead of issuing death threats.i wonder..one of the rare, rare cases where an nra poster child was possibly deterred before going bonkers and killing people. so our leaders are spared having to put on somber faces and send their "thoughts and prayers" to the survivors.the operative word being "possibly", unfortunately.
## 13
i hated my music teacher in the '70s in an la high school. my cuz keyed his car. he thought i did it and threw a chair at me and others. it missed. he did other worst things to us but never did we strike him, curse him or throw things at him. i would never find this music teacher guilty.this is not a boy/kid/student. this is a person who has chosen a path of defiance and disrespect. he learned this from his familial surroundings. this teacher is being dragged through the mud in the media. if the parents have any ethics or morals, they would publicly put their son in front of cameras and have him apologize.unfortunately, i believe the parents are looking at a possible 'payday' from the lausd that pays to make lawsuits go away.sorry but that kid more than asked for it and he's a perfect example of why corporal punishment should be allowed in the public schools again. i had it used on me and i'm no worse for wear. at the time, i deserved it and more importantly, i learned from it.this teacher has a legal aid fund. give to it...the teacher should take it to a trial.no jury of his peers will find him guilty. it will also force the parents of the student to explain who taught him to be an entitled, disrespectful maggot who uses the n-word quite freely. who also flies into a rage over a simple request to wear a uniform to band practice and leave the classroom when the teacher asked. take note future employers, he is definitely prepared for the diverse workforce. his parents must be so proud.in a more rational time, such as the 60s and 70s when we were kids, if you said anything close to that to a teacher you would expect some corporal injury. that awful kid might as well learn sometime that he cant run his mouth forever without consequences.its the kid whos going to spend most of his life in prisonwhat happened to the (racist) boy? i hope he didn't return to his classes. he should be expelled or sent to another school.i hope the little punk is charged with elderly abuse and racial hate crime for calling him the n word.i notice you left out the part where the boy calls the teacher multiple n words, pushes him, throws a basketball at him while also challenging him to a fight!did you read the article? everything you complain about was clearly mentioned in the report.associated press-a los angeles-area teacher captured on video punching a student who had repeatedly called him a racial slur has been charged with a misdemeanor count of corporal injury to a child.video posted to social media this month shows marston riley, who is black, repeatedly hitting the student, who returns some of the blows. before the scuffle, the video shows the student throwing a basketball at the 64-year-old riley and repeatedly calling him names.city news service reports riley, a music teacher at maywood academy high school, was charged friday. it wasn't known if he has an attorney. arraignment is set for jan. 4.$the confrontation began after the teacher asked the boy to leave because he wasn't wearing a proper uniform.$see more...not guilty. in fact promote him.we agree on this frank...if i'm the judge: guilty. the defendant shall make payable to the court a fine in the amount of $1.no! if he's found guilty, he'll lose his job and his credential.i thought about that before i posted but he's 64 and can leverage this event to write a book and book speaking engagements.
## 14
an 46 year old honduran man arrested saturday near the san ysidro border crossing was a convicted murderer. he was released four months ago from a honduran prison and had been traveling with the caravan.you know this how? source, please.and this is news because????this is news? "one of the men was from honduras and the other from el salvador, according to the u.s. attorneys office, which alleged that one man elbowed an agent and the other tried unsuccessfully to punch another agent." worse stuff happens on the red line every day without even a nod.the radical left tell us repeatedly that the immigrants are only breast feeding women. how can this be?the extreme right tells us that they are all rapists and criminals. tomny, do these rapist and criminals hire all those women and children as human shields? maybe soros funds it all an evil, zionist, un, new world order conspiracy to take your freedom away and make you eat tacos??!give them some rodney king "counseling"."central american men accused of assaulting board patrol agents near imperial beach"what is the board patrol? surfboards perhaps.well, they finally corrected the headline to say border patrol. i liked the other version much better.and this is the kind of illegal migrant some people want to let in freely?
## 15
a popular conservative news agency is boasting about this in an "i told you so" way, but didn't the system completely work here? yes, bad people tried to hide with non-criminal, well intentioned people. they got caught. that said, i believe the well intentioned people trying to cross the border are wrong. they do not meet the requirements for amnesty either technically or in spirit. of course these people want better lives, and not many people get to choose from where they are born, but that doesn't give them the right to just decide to force their way into another country. if they really needed to just get out of their own countries, they passed by at least one or two other countries on their way here. i don't think any of these people should be able to wait freely in the us while their proceedings go through, however there is international law because of horrible incidents in the past that the usa agreed to. i think these treaties and laws need to be revised to make it more than abundantly clear that amnesty isn't just for the people that try really hard, but those that are actually being persecuted and have no where else to go. this is already in the laws and procedures, but there is enough grey area to allow lawyers to go to court over and over in cases that don't fit the spirit and purpose of being granted amnesty from the united states. this is a bad and sad situation, and one that should be taken seriously but not one that should be used for political grandstanding by any political parties. once again congress should be looking at and revising these laws before they get to this point. these issues have been being debated for as long as i remember, but what has changed other than poorly written presidential executive orders from the current and past presidents? nothing changes, everything goes to court over and over and the only winners are the billing attorneys. taxpayers lose on all sides.see more...the media is going to help trump get re-elected, say what ever you wish about the man but by now it's pretty easy to decipher which comments are purely his own and which are the result of briefings. opposing the latter every single time is going to get him re-elected. we all could have learned something if the la times had used its resources to give an in depth factual report about the caravan. the old la times would've done this and done it well.for the purposes of 8 usc  1158, mexico is plainly a "safe third country."the longer these people stay in mexico,demanding entry into the u.s and rejecting mexicos offers;the more they show themselves as economic refugees shopping for the best benefits. clearly they have escaped the threat motivating them to depart..then we have the villains.to watch network tv or print media youd think were the villains. on the other hand cheap labor advocates and liberals are salivating at the new means of acquiring uneducated peasants.the addiction democrats and republicans have to importing poverty is a shared disease reaching terminal velocity.lock him up in the worst hellhole prison we have for the remainder of his life.waste of human resources. but them to work. goo.gl/g2y9gq"it was unclear why they werent being charged with illegal entry under the trump administrations zero tolerance policy."let me clarify that for you: because california has the ridiculous policy of being a sanctuary state. i'm surprised these men weren't given a welcome party. i'm sorry for the leftists whose feelings were hurt by these men getting caught, i know it offends your sensibilities that they were not given a royal welcome. you must be outraged.one bad apple needn't ruin the whole bunch.as a trump supporter, i must assume they're all drug dealers, murderers and/or m-13 members. even the mothers and their babies. [insert palm slap to forehead here.]this is ridiculous! there are no criminals in the caravan but rather only women and children. this is fake news!! all of it!!!was our president correct then? are ms-13 members imbedded in the caravan? are there criminals imbedded in the caravan? was the president correct about that?yes, he was. you may not be aware of this, but he happens to have access to intelligence services.yes, we sort of have to think that this guy is not the only one...just one that crossed and go caught. these hoodlums probably see a caravan as a good way to blend in and get into the u.s. without being fully investigated.the exception does not make the rule.and even the blind pig occasionally finds a truffle.glad top see these thugs apprehended. trump is right - we have to stop all illegal immigration. only legal immigration will work.it would be nice if he'd let legal immigration work, but he's doing his best not to.only if what you mean "legal" is getting caught for illegally entering and then getting an asylum hearing. yeah he's trying to stop that, thankfully. actual legal immigration is alive and well.mexico needs to send them all back. why did they let them into their country in the first place? did they think the u.s. was just going to let them pour over our borders?apparently that is what mexico thought. surprise!!!yes, because we have in the past.
## 16
great job by that homeowner, see something, say something sure worked there.it wasnt a raging storm last night, but it was still a storm. criminal to send out a small boat stuffed with people for a 100 km journey from mexico."it was not immediately known why the individuals were detained"of course it was. they entered the country illegally.
## 17
i was an actual student under these two women. i would like you to know several things: they were not nice people, it was obvious they were stealing however if suspicions were ever brought up veiled threats easily quashed them, they are not sorry as they were only caught after retiring, my education was sub-par and was wholly unprepared for the transition to hs (i went to st. james from k-8th), and the facilities were subpar - (i.e. 2 classrooms were trailers with no ac for the longest time) as well as no a/c in the main classroom building even in the sweltering springs/early summers of southern ca. they themselves should never had been allowed to be around children let alone teach/manage them.sad, so sad. there's examples of this in every walk of life, whether business, education, government, etc. these incidents involving religion are the worst as the culprits portrayed a humble, christian life. just a shame!they probably spent the money on a honeymoon and other forms of religious eroticago girls go!they stole from peter but declined to pay paul. i've never seen a nun in a jumpsuit.note to editor: the map in this article is wrong. it shows the location of the church in redondo beach; however, the school is located further east in torrance at garnet st and anza ave.you are mistaken. the church and original st james school is located on pch in redondo as shown on the map. i know because i went there all 8 years back in the 60's. the church is on the west side of pch and the school is across pch on the east side. the school you are thinking of is st james annex on anza, which was opened in the mid 60's and still is today. back then the original school held 1-2 and 7-8 grades. the annex handeled 3rd through 6th grades.laker fan, you are mistaken. your experience was over 50 years ago. the school is located where lat0001 says. the school on garnet is now k-8 and the east side of pch is the church office and meeting rooms.my aunt was a nun for over 70 years during that time she taught in catholic schools, was a prep school principal, was the full professor of biology at a catholic college, the head of the biology department, she was the mother superior. my other aunt told me that when they were allowed to drop the habits in the 70s ( she had a doctorate from the univ. of florida and was a full professor at this time) because how was she going to afford to buy clothes. my other aunt told her mary ( her birth name) we will go to the fabric store and i will make you a few suits to start. in her last few year my aunt wanted to break her sister out of the nun retirement home and found out that my nun aunt had to donate her pay checks from the schools, catholic grade school, prep school, college/ university back to the order then the most she was ever given was $120/mo for expenses. my aunt just died in 2015 @89. yes, after the first year college tuition that my grandfather paid, when she joined the convent they paid for her next 3 years of college. then they paid for her masters at catholic univ. followed by her doctored in ed. at florida. i remember her and her best friend another nun, who just happened to be the university president getting a trip to jereselum. she, the univ president and one other nun lived in a small ranch house on campus. ( no regular university president would have lived in their modest 1200-1500 3/1 house). every year a donor/ car dealer let the univ president/ nuns drive a modest car from his fleet ( a charitable write-off, that they then used for fund raising). so trying living on $120/mo. how many univ. professors with a doctorate would do that. then in the end they took my aunts motorized scooter away and gave it to another nun. see more...and the two nuns said: nun for you!i would like to hear the complete story before passing judgement. my daughter is a teacher at a catholic school and the pay is very low. beginning catholic school teachers with credentials earn about $15,000 less than beginning lausd teachers. with 2 masters, a credential and 7 years experience my daughter is finally making the salary of a beginning public school teacher. the nuns make even less. we may learn that these two nuns were taking money to buy food, pay rent and buy necessities. nuns don't live in convents anymore and we know the high cost of living in la is not affordable for many, maybe even nuns..the nuns stole from the school. no need to hear more. the nun's order is paying back the school, so they believe the allegations are true.that's why a lot of catholic teachers leave to teach at public schools...it's their choice to stay. i have friends who stay at their jobs at the catholic schools because they really like where they work. as for waiting to hear the complete story, what more evidence to you need? they took money that wasn't theirs period. it doesn't make it acceptable to steal money just because you don't make enough money. it should be up to the archdiocese to make sure the nuns have enough to live a simple life. you are making excuses for them so that they can steal instead of going the right way to pay for living expenses. they don't pay rent; the church pays for their rent. they have made a vow to live this life, and it doesn't matter where they live whether in a convent, nun order, or an apartment. if they are not getting enough $, then make it public so that the church is held accountable.see more...amen.so poverty gives people the right to steal from others? exactly how does that logic work?nun of this is believable.the devil made them do it! those trips to vegas will get you every time!thoughts and prayers. but for whom? the nuns who must now live with what they have done or the parents whose funds, ultimately, were what was taken.thank god im an atheistuntil we know how much money was taken each year and all together, i think we would do well to suppress our unseemly outrage just a bit. these are, after all, two old women who, through whatever circumstances of their lives that we will never know, were compelled to join a religious order of nuns. i think it is almost certain that they lived a simple life without the luxuries and daily comforts that we take for granted. is there anybody so outraged or poverty stricken or hateful that they would actually like to see these two old women "punished to the full extent of the law?!?" i am not now or ever have been been so mean spirited, as seriously flawed as i am. i'll bet most of us spent more on beer during those womans' "crime spree." oh, and by the way, unless these are franciscan nuns, these women likely did not have to take a vow of poverty.but they weren't old when they started taking money!! so don't use being old as an excuse. it doesn't matter how much money they stole anyway....they took money that wasn't theirs. it would be the responsibility of the archdiocese to make sure they had enough money. if they weren't getting enough $ to live a simple life, then they should have gone thru the proper channels. and if they did do that...then they should have made it publicly known so that the church could be held accountable. but yes, you don't know all the details of this story, but the bottom line, they had to have stolen a substantial amount of money. do you think the news bureaus would cover this story if they didn't?also try 1.4 million...still feel sorry for them?so, where did you get that sum? perhaps is was pulled out your rectal orifice, otherwise please let us know.yes. if you donated your hard earned money to two women who had a house, free food, donated vacations and stole from childen, you would want to see them treated as the criminals they are.good example of unseemly outrage and illogical suppositions. see joeeg's post above for a more rational view of what nuns get to live on for all the work they do as school administrators and teachers.the power of christ compels you!well, it's a step up from molesting children...there's a lot of that happening in public schools. it was hidden for a long time.and an argument could be made that they took money that would have been spent defending the molesters...true, if your assumption is correct. but how do we know what else these two were doing behind doors? i don't trust anyone with a white collar (or who works for church) to be around young boys or money.
## 18
trump- "the immigrant caravan is invading america!!! be afraid!!!"truth- one drunken honduran tries to swim to san diego.next time the swimmer needs to wear a wetsuit and carry a flashlight and flotation device.oh my god, it's an invasion.better call up another 15,000 troops...are you suggesting that they should have ignored the possibility of a dozen people drowning? shame on you.the well intentioned rescue attempt probably cost the us taxpayers a few thousand dollars. nice, but expensive.no troops, but the pacific fleet would be appropriate.you can pay for it then.oh, i forgot. you wouldn't have to because you live in russia...
## 19
i should have known...jesse, the activist and race hustler at the helm.replysharereporti think he was x military and had a permit..he might have been following the shooter when the cops saw him and killed himreplysharereportearlier, we stated that mr. bradford brandished a gun, the statement posted to facebook said. to clarify, the word brandish was used because mr. bradford had a gun in his hand as police officers responded to the active shooter situation between mall patrons.he wasn't brandishing a gun in the legal sense. this article is either misleading or operating on outdated information.replysharereportlet me understand this....the victim was "brandishing a gun when the cops showed up???"   if that is true we shall see in the released tapes.  if he was holding a gun when the cops got there, did they ask him to drop it?  seems like a lot of questions need to be asked, but at the same time what is being ignored here is the other story; a criminal shoots two people at a mall, including a 12 yr old. what was his race?  does it matter?  jesse jackson seems to think everything is about race. he is right. blacks commit way more violent crimes proportionate to their percent of the general population.  way past time to address that problem in the black community.replysharereport3 likesthe problem of black violence stems from the fact that for many years up until more recent times they were systematically herded into sections of the city where they received poor education and had nothing but gun stores and liquor stores on every corner.replysharereportwrong. everyone has the same opportunities!replysharereportlol!!!replysharereportshow 10 more repliesreading the comments here certainly shows why people felt the need to kneel in protest.  emantic bradford jr was legally carrying with a concealed carry license and pulled his gun in response to an active shooter.  he was shot in the head by police.replysharereport4 likesblame the black community, they have created this with their gun violence and gangs!replysharereporthow about blame the police for shooting an innocent manreplysharereport4 likesyou obviously wouldn't understand.replysharereportshow 6 more replieswhat's the big deal?it's not as if anything of value was lost.replysharereportthat would be accurate had you been the victim.replysharereportbrandishing or drawing, it doesn't matter.  showing a gun at a shooting in front of cops is not a good idea.replysharereport6 likesspot on.  bravo. at last a sane comment.replysharereport2 likesfell free to answer.replysharereportso you oppose anyone but police having guns?replysharereport1 likeshow 2 more repliesarticle said "he was brandishing a pistol" if true, whats the issue ? police rush into an active shooting and see someone holding a pistol. duhreplysharereport1 likeit isnt truereplysharereportthe comments on this article are getting spicy!!!i may need to make some more popcornreplysharereport1 likethe nra did not attend his funeral...replysharereport1 likewhy would they?replysharereport1 likeyes we did.  we felt sorry for a guy too lazy to learn the responsibility of carrying a firearm or the rules for drawing a weapon in a public place. ignorance will get you killed.replysharereport3 likesif only there had been someone there with a gun......replysharereport4 likesother than the suspects?replysharereport1 likeeveryone's a suspect of the cops claim they are.replysharereportso see how it works, and let us all kow. confront a police officer with a gun in your hand, at a shooting. use a go-pro so we can all watch your ignorance on display.  bet you voted "d" didn't ya?replysharereportshow 4 more repliesi see another cop going to prison.replysharereport2 likesi see another jury refusing to recommend charges against a cop.replysharereport2 likesask heather.replysharereporta counterexample doesn't negate a trend. cops are the only demographic for whom grand juries usually don't recommend charges and juries usually don't convict. juries assume the best of cops and they and prosecutors tend to lower the bar for them instead of raising it. that extends to all criminal behavior sadly, not just shootings.replysharereportsuch amazing comments from the fox news denizens here. a white man in the same situation would elicit 2nd amendment right posts. but a black man....its no sympathy. how do you people even doubt that there isnt a resurgence in racism in america?replysharereport4 likesdon't confuse racism with reality. blacks have been killing each other for 3 decades.replysharereport6 likesso have whitesreplysharereport3 likesyes we hear about 27 shot in white neighborhoods each weekend. lol!!!replysharereport1 likeshow 9 more repliesgodspeed e.j. sincerest condolences to your family and friends.replysharereport1 likestop with the excuses and distortions...the police made a mistake and there should be consequence.replysharereport5 likessounds like the man made a mistake to me.replysharereport1 likehis mistake was carrying a gun while black.replysharereport3 likesimo......a lot of the blame lies with the black community!!!replysharereport1 likeshow 14 more repliesthis is why i always put my gun away, and calmly leave the scene after a shooting.replysharereport3 likesyou're obviously an expert.replysharereport1 likecommon sense!replysharereportno......experience! not necessarily good.replysharereportshow 3 more repliessomeone running from a shooting site with a gun is not innocent.replysharereport1 likedid you grow up living under power lines?replysharereport5 likesaccording to research from an electrical engineering  ph.d. candidate that i personally knew, you get more radiation from your microwave and electrical outlets than power lines near your house. i guess that is what is driving you insane with tds!replysharereportwhy not? according the nra, he has a constitutional right to do just that.replysharereportshow 2 more repliesamerica...what a messed up, divided, broken country.replysharereportthe division is encouraged by paid russian trolls, 123412334. and you know what? they often have digits in their screen names.replysharereport1 likefail.i have a number behind my name because it is not the first time i have used the same name.but thanks forproving once again how you are willing to make claims that you know absolutely nothing about.replysharereportgee, you had to go through martusabdias1, martusabdias2, martusabdias3.....all the way to martusabdias066? tell me another, ivan.replysharereport3 likesshow 4 more replieswhy was this guy brandishing a gun at a shooting site?replysharereport2 likesstop the lies...he had his gun drawn not brandishing...replysharereport3 likeshe had a concealed carry permit.  was it concealed?replysharereportyou aren't that bright are you?replysharereport1 likeshow 2 more replieshis father is a cop and wanted to act like one...just never knew blacks are not allowed the benefit of being the good guy with a gun...so sad!replysharereport1 likeif you think white people dont get shot by police, youve been indoctrinatedreplysharereportwhen last was an innocent white guy shot at a mall?replysharereport1 likeit doesnt get reported in the news, because it doesnt support the narrative,  but the statistics are clearreplysharereportshow 2 more repliesit needs to be zero tolerance.  kill an innocent, lose your badge.  no excusesreplysharereportdont you get it? the police do not protect & serve citizens - they serve & protect the state.  shooting of innocents, even if they are mistaken, are acceptable & justified with very little redress.  as long as they had a reasonable expectation that the information they are acting on is correct as they perceived it, the shooting will be justified.  the law favors the police - they have absolutely no duty to protect citizens.
## 2
a vehicle operator shall not allow a person to ride upon any part of a vehicle that is not designed or intended for passenger use. (veh. code 21712(a))build the wall...it is rational to hold human smugglers and traffickers in complete contempt for their callous and wanton disregard for human life in the greedy pursuit of what is essentially blood money.why on earth would you spike-strip a pickup travelling at high speed with nine people in the back?because it might crash into other vehicles and cause even more fatalities or injuries.to stop it. duh!perhaps maybe to prevent a dangerous high-speed chase which may result in loss of innocent life in a crash with another vehicle. i guess you'd be happier if the illegals were allowed to continue fleeing and crashed their truck into a crowd of innocent people or into another vehicle.why chase it at high speed? wb on i-8 it is 14-miles from the off ramp at old hwy 80 to carrizo canyon road. it is another 11-miles wb till the next off ramp at ribbonwood road, which leads to boulevard. there is usually an ice checkpoint setup to stop traffic just west of ribbonwood so the pickup truck could have been easily stopped at carrizo canyon, ribbonwood, or the checkpoint. there was no need to chase the truck - just setup three roadblocks and wait for it. thus no danger to anyone.the driver obviously didn't want to stop and get charged. but you seem to think that the border patrol was driving him to speed and kill people although it turned out to be his passengers and not anyone else on the highway, same as the highway patrol.easily stopped? seriously? obviously the driver didn't want to stop and was focused on not getting caught.road block! easily stopped!
## 20
by now there are 300 people know where he is, this is the hood,ain't nobody gonna say noffin.replysharereport1 likehe's with the boyz in the hood. replysharereport1 likethe good thing is  unlike normal people these cops have absolutely nothing to worry about when it comes to keeping their job and their pension.replysharereport1 likeyea, cops never get fired, do they?replysharereport1 likenot very often.replysharereportone of my co-workers was fired last week.  one was let go 4 months ago, and every time there is a new sheriff elected we lose 5 or 6.replysharereport1 likeback in the day if you attempted to escape you were either shot or tuned up on the spot. i miss those days.replysharereport4 likeshey yuri, why not go back to russia since you're feeling so nostalgic ...replysharereportpretty vague story. i'm curious to what really happened.replysharereport1 likethis is the first crime committed in new york in months. amazing how low their crime rate is.replysharereport1 likehow inept are these officers ... suspensions are in order!replysharereport5 likeswhat are nypd officers allowed to do these days, yell "stop or i'll unfriend you"?replysharereport11 likeslooking for a man wearing black skin and hand cuffs.replysharereport8 likesnope, that "pose" won't get you on "the 2019 mugshot calendar"....better luck next year.... :-/replysharereport2 likesdr watson , he stole the handcuffs , sherlockreplysharereport1 likerun rabbit runreplysharereporti wonder if he can be hit with the add on charge - theft of police property? ... the handcuffsreplysharereport8 likescop; "hey, punk, now do you feel lucky ?"oops.replysharereport1 likethe cops must have left him in the unlocked car when they stopped for doughnuts.replysharereport6 likesyou must be an older guy mcericm, that "joke" was tired and worn out by about 1980replysharereport1 likedanny reagan will find him :)replysharereport1 likea black guy in handcuffs in nyc, shouldnt be too hard to find. now... which one??replysharereport10 likeshard to tell.  there are so many!replysharereport5 likes16 priors, still free and menacing the community. this continued crime spree is brought to you by liberal judges. we do not need prison reform. we do need judicial reform.replysharereport20 likesit's less about liberal judges, and more about lack of space at rikers island jail where he belongs.  apparently he was seen as less dangerous than the ones confined there, because in order to put him in they have to let another criminal out.replysharereport1 likea new york city black man in handcuff's.  you don't see that very often.  he should stick out like a sore thumb.replysharereport4 likesbolo a male wearing special bracelets---- or is that "profiling"????replysharereport5 likesprofile:tyrone johnson 24likes sports candlelight dinnerslong walks in the parklooking for a relationship with someone that has a handcuff key.replysharereport14 likesyou left out pit bull puppies.replysharereport6 likes"... camouflage jacket and dark-colored jeans, hands handcuffed behind his back..."  is it fashion week in new york already?replysharereport8 likesdidnt you hear.... its a new series by the creators of live pd and wwe.... the hood olympics. tyrone is a lock for gold in this eventreplysharereport4 likeswhatever happened to all that police training that that the taxpayers pay for?  keystone cops.replysharereport5 likeswell, they couldn't shoot him. that would have brought on claims of racism...replysharereport2 likesobviously, he could run faster scared (even with his hands handcuffed behind his back) than the cops could mad.replysharereport2 likeswhen they catch him he can claim he was scared for his life. because we all know police are out to murder black males.the fact of his crime isn't even going to enter the conversation.replysharereportasr tactical 'pack of 5' american universal handcuff keys $6.49 on amazonalways plan ahead!   you never knowreplysharereport11 likescan we get a better description? that sounds like a thousand other guys walking around the streets in handcuffs!
## 21
i was laughing so hard, i could barley finish the storyreplysharereportshe sure is taking a lot of flax over thisreplysharereportthose things happen. how about those eaglesreplysharereporthave another beer. replysharereporti wonder how much money drugs cost the taxpayers and how many walls could you build with that money and far as rehabilitation for a drug addict forget it if the edict has been on hard drugs for any length of time there ain't no coming back the damage is done sure you might be able to get the edict to quite using drugs but the damage done to that person body and mind is permeantreplysharereportumm,,   i think an argument over oatmeal is something that takes place between two rational people and ends in some sort of agreement.   the oatmeal had nothing to do with the crime except to provide the spark that preceded the end of a life in chaos.  oh, and she's a gem tooreplysharereport2 likeswell, so thats what they meant about  sowing you oats.....replysharereport2 likesobviously,  more people like this need guns. go nra, keep doing your thing! guns are a right, who needs gun control? any weirdo should own a gun!replysharereportcertainly you shouldn'treplysharereport7 likeswas it quaker oats, or some generic brand?replysharereport4 likeslike the name!replysharereportacme oats replysharereporthope they spay/neuter before they release.  if they do release her.replysharereport3 likesit's not child endangerment to have smoked a drug with a baby in the back seat.replysharereport1 likei sure hope you don't have any children or plan on having any.replysharereport7 likesokay, skirt the issue as you did. but according to law, taking alcohol in a house while taking care of a child, is not child endangerment. do you disagree with that law? apparently, you do. crack cocaine is not alcohol and not something that people get charged with while driving, so you tell me why you consider it child endangerment.replysharereport1 likestory said she smoked then drove so she was high and driving.....equals child endangerment.replysharereportthank goodness, it wasn't the cornbread!replysharereport2 likesthank god the child is no longer in danger.....replysharereport8 likeswell, my father always said if your woman doesn't scare you a bit she is not the right one.replysharereport3 likesshooting somebody in the head over grits...now that i can understand! cream of wheat, warrants a shot to the gut! but oatmeal? oatmeal usually gets you a knife stab to the leg, hip, or thigh...but never a shot in the head! geeeze...whatever happened to time honored breakfast grain tradition!replysharereport7 likesif only he had poured a bowl of life cereal instead.replysharereport6 likesis life cereal still around? or did it kill everyonereplysharereportstill around. cinnamon life is awesome.replysharereport1 likewell, this might have turned out ok then. two druggies off the street, and a child in protective custody. i guess oatmeal is good for us.replysharereport10 likesbut they literally ripped a child from the arms of a parent! how dare they!replysharereport2 likeswe must ban oatmeal.  if we can save just one life it's worth it.replysharereport13 likesuse a breakfast grain...go to prison!replysharereportoatmeal looks like the herd ate and left itreplysharereport1 likethinning the herd.replysharereport4 likesfry the murderess.replysharereport1 likecrack can do crazy things to crazy people!replysharereport3 likeslook at what it did to bill clinton!replysharereport6 likespeople have gone insane in this country.replysharereport6 likesonly the liberalsreplysharereport2 likesban oats!replysharereport5 likesjust another "non-violent offender" committing another "victimless crime".
## 22
things like this wouldn't happen if legitimate dental care was more affordable, and certification was more readily accessible to foreign trained professionals. canada complains of doctor shortages..well, there's hundreds of them driving cabs for the last 20 years because their training was deemed "substandard". but i'll tell, you, i've seen the dental work done by "third world" dentists outlast the work done by locals by a good 10 years.replysharereporttheir mug shots are...close up.replysharereportcubans serving cubans?replysharereportthe prosecutors going to drill them with questions.replysharereportkinda cool though, if they did good work...replysharereport3 likesthey bought the time-life books series on do-it-yourself dentistry.  next week the brain surgery series starts.replysharereport2 likesif you watch enough youtube videos you could be a rocket scientist. not jokingreplysharereport4 likesjust looking at this creep,who on earth would let him near you.looks like a strung out druggie.must be writing his own prescriptions.replysharereport2 likesdo you always judge everyone by how they look? people in glass houses....replysharereportthey were just trying to make a buck (teeth).replysharereport3 likeswhich state were they in?  flouride-a!replysharereport2 likeswhere else do they think this course of action could have possibly led to?  forbes business of the year?replysharereport1 likethis pair are the real maga bombers.replysharereportnow that's an up and coming small business if i ever saw one!replysharereport2 likeswhat kind of paint was on the bus?  enamel!replysharereport6 likesthis bus was en root to appointments.replysharereport5 likesa different address every visit.replysharereportthey got bus-ted.  oh!replysharereport5 likesthere is a problem in the dental community whereby there are totally under-served communities that have very little access to dentists because there is not enough money to be made in those communities. there are many things less trained people can do dentally to help offset that deficiency, but the dental community pushes back and demands that only fully licensed dentists do any meaningful work. some say this is self-serving and others say this is to protect the public. there needs to be a better discussion about it.replysharereport3 likesyeah that's the smart thing to do...  "hey honey, i'll be back soon, just gonna have a root canal done over on that "dental bus" in the walmart parking lot"replysharereport6 likesmeanwhile dentists are charging you $1000 for a crown, but they are getting it from china for $25. its perfectly legal and you'll never know unless your dentist tells youreplysharereport6 likesthere is no excuse to get a crown made in china, but the cost of the crown for you, the patient, has nothing to do with how much it costs the dentist. the cost to you is for the dentist's time, expertise and for backing up the work over time.replysharereport2 likesthe point was the prices at dentist offices are unreasonablereplysharereport6 likes& insurance companies, that won't fight back about high costs,they just pay them,cause they don't care.dentist prices are an outright rip offreplysharereport1 likeshow 2 more repliesi kept waiting for the big crime to be revealed and ended up disappointed. where were all the reported victims of botched dentistry? the maiming, the infections, the deaths? there was none of that. their crime? not obtaining permission from the government!if you bing medical malpractice, you will be rewarded with plenty of news about fully educated, and government licensed practitioners harming their patents. a free people do not need government permission..replysharereportthis message was deleted.no, the list of possible broken laws is long. the article makes no mention of tax evasion, midi-care fraud, or illegal infectious waste mishandling. maybe they did, maybe they didn't.the only things the article mentions as their "crime" was failure to obtain government permission to dispense drugs or operate as a dentist. not one, single act of actual harm is reported.replysharereport1 likethis message was deleted.this message was deleted.this message was deleted.once again the liberal looses focus. the folks in the report harmed no one. hence, no crime. others engaged in a similar activity may have harmed people but that is their crime, not the folks in the report. even then liberals don't get it. the crime was not doing government prohibited dentistry, it was harming people with bad dental practice as the weapon. just like gun control, liberals are incapable of grasping the concept that the weapon is not the problem, it is the person performing the harmful act.any dentist, government approved or not, should be made to stand before the bar of justice to answer for any harm they cause. if someone chooses to go to the witch doctor dentist and is satisfied with the service, that in none of your business nor is it the business of the government.replysharereport2 likesyou go right ahead and keep seeing the local witch doctor, cletus.  we won't tell.replysharereport2 likesshow 5 more repliesflorida man !florida man  watch out here comes florida manreplysharereport2 likesand here is some nitrous oxide for you and then some for me ...replysharereport4 likestrying to get an answer outta these guys is like pulling teethreplysharereport2 likesyeah, do your research...boy, that's some real advice...how about just not getting your dentistry done out of the back of someones car...how about we start there...replysharereport2 likesyou're a man wanting a couple dental implants, then when you wake up you have dolly parton sized breast implants.... "uh....breast implants?! i came here for dental implants!" "oh....oops....you were one of the dental implant patients? you sure you didn't want breast implants? let me double check my schedule....are you sure you didn't want breast implants? because i have you written down for breast implants....see....i'll show you....right here see....it says your name right here....mrs wanda jones dolly parton breast implants...." "what?! my name isn't wanda jones!" "you sure your name isn't mrs wanda jones?" "yes! my name is not mrs wanda jones! i am a man named john jackson!" "oh....because i thought you said your name was....wanda jones....to make up for the error....i can give you a discount on a teeth cleaning...." lol you get what you pay for....surgery of any kind on a bus, in a dive motel room....you get what you pay for and so its never a good idea! :)replysharereport1 likewow. meth is awesome.replysharereportturn their office into a deportation bus. it could use multiple fillings.replysharereport2 likesgeet in de back seat and open wite.replysharereport2 likesand get your propane tanks filled while you get a cleaning.
## 23
on february 14, 1929 the st. valentines day massacre occurred.  seven men were brutally murdered.  the entire country was shocked and outraged.  now four people are killed execution style and most people have not even heard of it.  those who have heard of it don't consider it news worthy.replysharereportthese things happen. philly is fine. go visit philly.  maybe some of this good will gets spread to the suburbs.replysharereporthang em!!!replysharereport3 likesi would say give them the key to the city but they probably already stole them.replysharereport1 likeben franklin would be shocked at what the city turned into!replysharereport2 likesthat's a shame.  how is the weather today in the city of brotherly love ?replysharereport4 likesi lived near baltimore back in the 80s...you couldn't pay me enough to live anywhere on the east coast now.replysharereport6 likesguess youve never been to maine....replysharereport1 likei have been in every state including maine...it's nice but run by liberals too. i use to commercial fish off the coast of maine and rireplysharereport2 likesincluding the state of confusion?replysharereportshow 3 more repliescity of brotherly love. i wonder if the criminal loving mayor kenney is dancing over these lawless fools.replysharereport4 likeslike most in philly, i doubt he cares. philly is a toilet.replysharereport2 likesexcellent gun control. a single bullet each keeps expenses down.  it is also very safe; point-blank range prevents stray bullets which could break  a window or damage a car.replysharereport4 likesperfect example of why the dems are pushing hard to have the courts sentencing of criminals to lesser time served........replysharereport5 likesnothing i'm going to loose any sleep over.replysharereport2 likeswow, democrats at their bestreplysharereport4 likesto whom, exactly, do black lives matter?replysharereport8 likesemployment of millions depends on them.  they are extremely valuable resources as prisoners.  each person in prison provides good employment for 5 other americans. a prisoner is america's most valuable asset.replysharereporthe must be named after saint jahlil...replysharereportha, ha this is a one sided story. there was no drugs involved. it was a home invasion murder and the victims are not alive to tell their side of the storyreplysharereport3 likesjust sick of reading about thugs walking the streets, with records as long as my arm [ and that's saying something] who, surprise, end up killing people.replysharereport14 likesi do agree that these ultra liberal cities need gun control. apparently they don't know how to control them with killing someone.maybe they need people control first.replysharereport5 likesplease rethink that. the last thing they need is gun control. how else do innocent, law abiding citizens protect themselves? gun control laws are never the answer because criminals don't obey the law.replysharereport9 likesso take away law abiding citizens rights to protect themselves?  do you really think criminals will obey those laws?replysharereport8 likesjahlil. now what ethnicity could that possibly be? how could this happen in such an extremely conservative city?replysharereport9 likesphiladelphia must have a catch and release program too. how nice.replysharereport10 likesi guess black lives don't really matter to blacks. i think we've been lied to.replysharereport18 likesthis never happens in my neighborhood...replysharereport2 likesabsolutely no loss ----> they were "dealing" (or redealing) drugs! any and all "drug dealers" deserve to die!replysharereport5 likesyes.  yes they do.  especially the big-pharma guysreplysharereport3 likeshopefully marty has it rough in the brooklyn lockup..replysharereportsorry but big pharma has created a lot of drugs that have saved a lot of people.   there are diseases we rarely hear about that need research...and that isn't cheap.replysharereport1 likeshow 1 more replieskeep the stereotype alive fellas... good job!replysharereport3 likesjahlil seems to be doing just fine keeping a truthful stereotype quite alive and well.replysharereport3 likesoh well.  next!replysharereport13/90 strikes again.replysharereport4 likesit would be great if these two repeat offenders were actually kept in jail, but keep in mind that philly elected a catch-and-release da last year who promised "progressive changes" to the criminal justice system. i''l bet $10 that at least one of those two gets released and hurts someone else..replysharereport2 likeslets hope they get out and continue cleaning house.replysharereport2 likesor step in front of a bus..replysharereport1 likei'd like to see jahlil do some home renovations at an address in chapaqqa, n.y.
## 24
how many "white" american's have been killed in mexico in the last few years?  not too many.  mexico is dangerous for sure.  but so are many cities in the united states.replysharereport6 likesi'm not going there either.replysharereport2 likesa white grad student from colorado was murdered in cancun a couple of weeks ago, try to keep up.replysharereport9 likesand, are you aware there were more than 50 shootings in chicago november 2018!!replysharereport1 likeshow 1 more repliesall 3 lost their cell phones?that is unlikely, unless you were robbed or voluntarily handed them over for some reason.they were probably involved in something sketchy, something you wouldn't mention to your mom.replysharereport10 likestijuana has always been a dangerous place. mexico in general now is not safe. i used to like going there off the cruise ships. cancun used to be a great place to vacation....would not do that anymore! these teens should have never been there in the first place. very sad.replysharereport20 likesthis is true, there are areas of mexico not safe.  but to judge an entire country as not safe, is far from the truth - check your facts!   cancun is safer than south chicago, and many other cities in the usa. puerta vallarta, cabo, and other destinations in mexico are  safe - do they  have their share of crime, yes, just as we do in the usa.   border towns have always been a place one should consider venturing into knowing crime tends to be higher in these towns. known fact sd area teens(many underage) have been venturing to tijuana for many decades, because they can drink at age 18 (you have the $$$, you will get served whatever you want), and freely get drugs.  how many of these killings to american youths have occurred in the many decades - very few. this one i believe is drug related by these youths.   since it appears you are from brooklyn, if true, i can guarantee you there are areas in nyc one would not venture into because of safety concerns.  avoid getting caught up in the mass hysteria of fear when you venture outside the usa.  collect you facts and check the state department destination sites for the latest updates on travel safety details.replysharereport9 likesi knew some people years ago who traveled down there on motorcycles and motorhomes. one of them died. it took forever to get his body home, and they had to grease the palms of many people to do it. it took many more months to get his bike back, and cost several thousand dollars.replysharereport2 likesyou believe drugs were involved? why? no drugs or other evidence was found.replysharereport2 likesthat was caused by them of ignoring travel warning of government. but mexican killers should be handled in the same way.replysharereport15 likesthe united states government has issued a travel warning for mexico yet people dont care and still go there.replysharereport21 likestrade sanctions until the killers are brought to justicereplysharereport12 likesthey were killed for one reason alone. they were americans.replysharereport24 likesgeorge soros is under your bed right now.replysharereport6 likeshis dna is inside youreplysharereport7 likesif this was not drug related, then im scratching mexico off my vaca listreplysharereport11 likeswith the no travel advisory for numerous states in mexico, and the recent murder of that colorado grad student in cancun. and the soaring murder rate there, why would you go at all?replysharereport25 likeswhite americans are generally safe.  some get involved with stupid sh!t down there and get killed.  some are murdered, yes.  but try walking into certain areas of chicago or miami or even dc and see what happens.replysharereport1 likethese things happen. just move past it.replysharereport3 likesthis message was deleted.why not? the majority of terrorists acts are committed by white men. el paso, full of immigrants, is one of the safest cities in the us. open borders, tougher laws on immigrants and whites.replysharereport1 likejuarez, saw the murders of hundreds of women crossing to el paso,  texas for many years unsolved. so your logic is garbagereplysharereport11 likesel paso is one of the safest cities in the us. i said nothing about juarez. what are you talking about? and whos shooting up schools, churches, restaurants, and other public places? white men. facts.replysharereport3 likesshow 11 more repliesbbq in mexico is now off of my to do list.replysharereport10 likesthe tijuana shelters are starting to look like the streets of la, guess they dont like open borders there eitherreplysharereport13 likestijuana may have to follow sanfrancisco and hire a street poop patrol.replysharereport12 likesa gofundme account? how much does it cost to drive 20 miles down to mexico and pick up a body? doesn't anyone in the family have a pickup truck? the can rent one if needed.geez.....replysharereport9 likesgofundme is the new way to make money sitting around at home on your computer.replysharereport13 likessomeone should make a go fund me for people who really need help, that does something like i need a 10k for medical bills after that stop funding me. that way people would not feel like someone is out to take the kind hearted to the cleanersreplysharereport3 likesapparently $26k...smhreplysharereport2 likesshow 10 more repliesmexico has one of the highest murder rates in the world and that's not including the 200,000 plus people that have just disappeared or the corpses they find that can't be id'd.  most murders also end with no conviction.replysharereport14 likesmy brother was taylor meyer who was murdered there 11/9 he was from hermosa beach. this country is full of savages and corruption americans need to stop going there! please spread the wordreplysharereport10 likesthats exactly why families are trying to come here for asylum. sorry for your loss. god bless your brother, you and your family.replysharereportthese families refuse to fight corruption in their home country. do you think they'll fight for us? let them have the chance. an honorable discharge gets citizenship. but only directly into service upon arrival. worked for the irish in '63replysharereport4 likesshow 3 more repliesnot only should we seal off the border with mexico, we need to plant mines on the border like the border between north and south korea. mexico is going the way of all other central america countries.replysharereport22 likesand these are the "people" that chumer et al want to let into our country........replysharereport13 likesthis is what families are trying to get away from and seeking asylum. think about that? the cartels arent trying to come here! its the victims trying to get away! the terrorists here are white men. thats who we should be afraid of.
## 25
too bad whitey - can't always get what you hope for - but you deserved far worse than quickly being murderedreplysharereport1 likehe got what he deserved. you cant be in the business he was and snitch on the competition to the fbi. its to bad he wasnt tortured. snitches get stitches or end up dead in a ditch.replysharereport2 likesso i left work 3 hrs early last friday to get a good start to the weekend and as i'm driving down my block i see this totally naked guy running down the street .....i rolled down the window and i yelled " dude , what is your problem "he yelled back " you're home early " .........replysharereport2 likesthat is awesome!! best post i've seen today!! lol!!!replysharereportrodney dangerfield joke ......replysharereport1 likei bet all his victims hoped for the same too.  refer to drafhixa's post as to why he got what he deserved.replysharereport5 likeshis grave will be used as a toilet.replysharereport1 likeyou reap what you sow.....it's really that simplereplysharereport5 likesi'm sure his victims hoped for a peaceful death also.replysharereport2 likessomeone in the penal system was on the take.  find and prosecute them.replysharereport1 likewhy?replysharereporthow ironic.  he murdered 11 people, and wished for a peaceful death?hmmm....i seem to remember this saying.  if you live by the sword...replysharereport5 likeshe was beaten to death for being white...replysharereporthe was beaten to death by two whites. you need to go back to school and study logic.replysharereport3 likesi don't think you got 0341's true sentiment ..... you can click on a person's history and sometimes it will clear up a seemingly ambiguous comment ...... see what else he wrote on race and the lack thereof .......replysharereport1 likeare you writing this comment from prison? seems you have a little insight on the whole affair.replysharereportshow 1 more replieshis victims he murdered hoped for peaceful life ...replysharereport2 likesthe audacity of hope...oh wait - that title is taken by a different crook.replysharereport2 likesbulger died a violent death after being transferred from a maximum security prison where he lived in safety in isolation, to a wv prison where he was dumped into general population and immediately beaten to death.  why he was transferred has not been disclosed.  why he was dumped into general population has not been disclosed.  what is known however is that bulger had a long relationship with bob mueller and due to this relationship, and mueller's protection of bulger, four men went to prison for a murder they did not commit and the evidence that would have proven they were innocent was withheld from the trial by doj.  ultimately, $100 million dollars was paid (your taxes) as a penalty for the wrongful imprisonment of these four men, two of which died while in prison.  the person in charge of the fbi at that time was none other than bob mueller.replysharereport10 likesdo you have the names of the people who won the $100 million?replysharereportboston, july 26  in what appears to be the largest sum of money ever awarded to people who were wrongfully convicted, a judge today ordered the federal government to pay $101.8 million to make amends for framing four men for a murder they did not commit.two of the men died in prison after being falsely convicted in the 1965 gangland murder. another, peter limone, spent 33 years in jail before he was exonerated in 2001. the fourth, joseph salvati, spent 29 years in prison.it took 30 years to uncover this injustice, federal district judge nancy gertner said in announcing her decision. she said the case was about the framing of innocent men, adding that f.b.i. officials allowed their employees up the line to ruin lives.fbi officials means bob mueller who ran the fbi and allowed this.  no question about it.replysharereport4 likesthank you very much for the post!  i was trying to find more on it.  alan dershowitz has commented on it. i guess angelcat58 sees little green men.replysharereport1 likeshow 11 more replies'peaceful death'? he that lives by the murderous sword should die by one.replysharereport3 likeshopin' ain't gettin'...replysharereport3 likesi am sure his victims wished the same...replysharereport6 likeshe came from a family of democrats.replysharereport2 likeslive by the sword and die by it, bulger.replysharereport2 likeswell, he can stop hoping now...replysharereport3 likesmaybe in the next life ........replysharereport1 like[[spits on the ground contemptuously]]replysharereport3 likesmakes me wonder how oj will exit this planet...replysharereporton the golf course with a nine iron in his hand.replysharereport1 liketoo bad he won't go like jeffrey dahmer- instead of an "inserted broom handle" maybe it will be a "nine iron."replysharereport1 likeare you sure that's where the nine iron will be ?replysharereportshow 2 more replieswhitey bludger...   -- harry potterreplysharereportleo durocher ......replysharereportlippyreplysharereport1 likebippy .....
## 26
watch out ceo's, don't get too greedyreplysharereport1 likebecause slaughtering children is a justifiable response to a greedy ceo?replysharereport2 likesdespicable!replysharereport4 likesway to go, paul.replysharereporttoo bad he did not burn down the whole state on nj.replysharereport4 likesare you sure this is not alec baldwin. he has the same hate in his eyes.replysharereport2 likeskatang! goin' with you on this one cuz...replysharereportnew jersey, eh?  should'a had tony soprano do the job.replysharereportsadly, he's not doing much work since he died.replysharereportno way he did this. his lawyer has already said he was innocentreplysharereport5 likesbut enough about trumpreplysharereportcrank up old sparky and fry him!replysharereport2 likeswe wish...... but no.... its free room and board forever....replysharereporthmff immigrantsreplysharereporti dont know if anyone heard the news that the suiside rate is so high in rural america it has reduced our life expectancy in the usa. cbs seems oblivious as to why. but its not that hard. the reason why is over the last 30 years all the jobs that kept rural america thriving were shipped to other countries and replaced by service jobs like grubhub, and uber. jobs where you dont really make money just destroy your car. this equals a violation of each and every rural americans civil right to a right to a pursuit of happiness. in that the liberals goal is to make your sell your land and move to a city to survive . its all about obama master plan for redistribution of wealthreplysharereport1 likeits the same reason people go off the deep end all the time these daysreplysharereport2 likeswhen a guy that always had what he needed all of a sudden cant make the mortgage. there gonna be a big moment.replysharereport2 likesor works all the time and is still going in the hole to survive.replysharereportgood grief. kill someone over "money"!?  the whole family?replysharereport2 likesthe root of all evil!replysharereport2 likesthis weeks bible reading is an excellent reminder of sibling rivalry.  jacob's favorite son joseph is sold as a slave by his envious brothers.replysharereport3 likesit's best to not do business with family, it keeps you from making rational business decisions. money and blood don't mix, sad story.replysharereport5 likestrump would be pan-handling if it were not for his family business, most of which he drove into the ground.replysharereport1 likewhat does this have to do with trump, or hillary, or obama. what are you nuts?replysharereport4 likesare you serious? if we are speaking of family and business trump is the most relevant.replysharereportshow 3 more repliesi'd say liberally douse him in gasoline and then toss a lit match, but then i'd be no better than him. may the devil take him.replysharereport3 likesthe story leaves out the most important part for fox fans. is the gun ok?replysharereport1 likea knife was also used.replysharereport3 likesyeah but those aren't as important.replysharereportoh, i hope so...replysharereportits hard to get any worse than thisreplysharereport3 likesfamily is the worst.replysharereport4 likesespecially the one in the white house.replysharereport1 likei guess this guy just snapped! what a shame!replysharereport1 likealways wear your handgun, even with relatives around.replysharereport2 likes"murdered family involving joint business".   lol  thought fox meant marijuana business.replysharereport1 likeis his middle name "cain"?replysharereport2 likesi wonder what he brother did or said to push him over the edge... to kill your brother, his wife and his children... the level of hate involved there is beyond comprehension.replysharereport6 likespsychotic.  don't need a reasonreplysharereport3 likesand then go back and set fire to your own family.
## 27
a couple of real tough guys, punksreplysharereport1 likeknew it before i clicked on it, dims!replysharereport1 likekids that age with more bulk than brains are almost universally stupid. these two more than most....replysharereport4 likesthe female witness is a hero for stepping in.  wondering what the other commuters were thinking?replysharereport6 likesdon't want to get involved. scared.replysharereport2 likesexpected behavior from blacks. if you are disappointed in their behavior then lower your expectations and you will not be disappointed any more. sad but true.replysharereport5 likesbut they seem like such productive members of society. not their fault that they got "dissed" by a blind man.replysharereport5 likesthey are......to the hypocrite dems.replysharereportdem bros jus having a lidda'bit of fun. quit piken on'em.replysharereport4 likesanimals.replysharereport9 likesan insult to real animals.replysharereport3 likesagree.....animals are good......these are filth.replysharereporti am doing what the two white guys in the bottom picture are doing...replysharereportnot too swift considering everyone should know there's cameras every where now, particularly on mass trans...replysharereport2 likesah yes, more of obamas america hard at work. probably shouldnt have used obama and work in the same sentence. my only argument is that they refer to these two animals as men.  im sure theyll get community service because theyre just misunderstood. im going to run back to my safe space and hold my emotional stabilizing porcupine now.replysharereport3 likesberry's sons.replysharereporti am sure somehow this is my fault because i am a white, straight conservative male.replysharereport9 likeswant to hear the worst thing a father could ever hear from his daughter?   "daddy, i want you to meet my new boyfriend darion.  i love him and am having his baby."replysharereport8 likesand you know this because you are really darion jr.'s grandpa. 1st your wife, then your son and now your daughter is laying with black men. i understand your bitterness.replysharereportthey will claim that they thought the blind man worked for the gop and they were just doing what mad maxine told them to doreplysharereport5 likesblack snowflakes.... just saying...replysharereport3 likesassault and battery + robbery  =  3 years minimum in prison ..replysharereport10 likesthey won't get that.  one is a juvi, he'll be let go with a warning to be a good boy.  the other is only 18 and the blind man bumped him.   so, let him go too.  we already have too many of those people in prisons, so it would not be fair to put more in prison. and no one was hurt.replysharereportcould you imagine them on jeopardy?replysharereport4 likesnot at all surprised that it happened at the station right down the street from the projects.  then again we are talking about dc, it is all projects.replysharereport11 likes14.5% of the population commits over 60% of the violent felonies ..                           (try to guess which ethnicity) ..replysharereport18 likesi would be curious to hear what maxine waters, kamala harris, elijah cummings  and corey booker have to say about this.replysharereport19 likesdo i need to say, "if a certain president had a son?"replysharereport18 likesif obama had sons!replysharereport12 likesim just being me judge....replysharereport3 likescowards. two against one blind man and they still run away?replysharereport21 likesi never attack blind people.  but sometimes, just sometimes, i trip them for a good laugh..replysharereportthis is about as funny a liberal gets.replysharereport13 likesobamanites applying their tradereplysharereport15 likesa 13% problem.replysharereport17 likesgreat job to the lady with the cell phone. lady, you are very brave.  you could have been shot.replysharereport24 likesi love how fox loves to fan the flames of racism and create fear among white people by picking obscure stories about a black person while simultaneously dismissing the 300+mass shootings perpetrated by white males thist year. meanwhile, aas are succeeding like never before in american life including going to college in greater numbers than ever before, entrepreneurship and running and winning elected office.replysharereport2 likesthe problem that it is not "obscure" if you read the doj/fbi stats 6% of the population (15-30 year old black males) commit over 60% of the violent crime.the "mass" shootings pale in comparison to the hundreds of lives lost every week in the liberal cities.replysharereport39 likesblack women are not killing anyone and white women aren't committing mass shootings. it must be a man thing, since men of all colors commit 95 % of all crimes.replysharereport1 likeand pg county is a lovely place to live...with a couple thousand rounds of spare ammo...
## 28
he'll get to experience more sex acts in prison.replysharereport1 likewell their screening process did'nt work. i know what that creep will be getting for christmas!!replysharereport1 likeevil does not discriminate nor  is  it racist.replysharereport20 likesif any of you have children, please do not leave them alone with anybody who is a priest, rabbi, pastor,imam,minister, etc.replysharereport37 likesyeah, but everybody else is okay, right?replysharereport28 likesi didn't say that but i'm talking about a risk factor.replysharereport6 likesyes, anyone who believes in imaginary beings isn't mentally stable.replysharereport2 likesshow 2 more replieshe'll be excommunicated, right?replysharereport5 likesor moved to another church and made youth minister.....replysharereport17 likeswhy is it always white men of god committing the sickest crimes?replysharereport15 likesthat's not true.  they come in all ages, races and genders.  your statements are so boring and easy to dispel.replysharereport51 likesdon't take it so personal. most crimes come out of poverty, poor education, unemployment, mental health issues and poor upbringing regardless of age, race and gender. with males in majority, probably due to testosterone. but, the white, christian pervs they stand out somehow.replysharereport12 likeswe can break down crimes by race if you want to.we can use fbi data.replysharereport15 likesisn't god awesome!replysharereport3 likesthere is no god. god is as real as santa and the easter bunny.replysharereport1 likewow, such a cogent argument. you should be believed.replysharereport8 likeshe sure is, but let's not make the foolish mistake of attributing the evil of men to him. that's a slippery slope you don't want to go down.replysharereport23 likesshow 4 more repliesexecute this man, his parents, and his siblings. it's not worth risking another innocent child to any family with a mental defect.replysharereport7 likesyou're either as bad or worse than him.replysharereport6 likesa guy who has never hurt anyone is worse than a guy who molests a 3 year old?  you must be a democrat or a christian.replysharereportif you really believe  it's right to execute the parents and siblings of a criminal then i truly believe you have a mental defect.replysharereport3 likesshow 1 more replieswait....if there aren't  cameras in the bathrooms, how the heck was he caught? was he truly stupid enough to molest a child with the door opened? i am a fairly intelligent person, however i have to admit to some confusion here. having said that, i hope he has a good time in prison...he won't be able to sit down for a looooong time.replysharereport15 likesmaybe sub-consciously he wanted to be caught, who knows what going on in these peoples minds.replysharereport5 likeswell, there is that. anyone who does something like this is sick. very, very sick. actually disgusting.replysharereport4 likesthe usual suspect.replysharereport8 likeshis one redeeming quality..."i volunteer at my church, your honor."replysharereport8 likesomg, how sickening.replysharereport3 likessick phuker!replysharereport3 likessomething is fishy here.  no cameras in the bathroom, but the guy left the door open while molesting a 3 y/o so a hall camera could catch him?replysharereport7 likesits a miracle......replysharereport2 likeshey parents. keep your kids away from all "holy men" and their helpers.replysharereport10 likesfor those who are bringing politics into this situation, blaming a party and what not, you clearly don't care about the situation that happened. you don't care about the future mental effects of this three year old. you're garbage. please don't vote anymore, you have no morals, you're probably going to catch the world on fire with your ignorant mindset.replysharereport11 likeshang him now.replysharereport10 likesif hazlett had been a catholic priest, the church's defense would be the boy was possessed by satan and tempted the innocent "holy man."replysharereport9 likeshazlett failed in his application to be a catholic priest. he got caught.replysharereport9 likesif this guy did it he needs help or permanent incarceration.  if he didn't and someone is setting him up they need to be punished.  it sounds kind of weird that there was no camera's in the bathroom just one in the hall that may have picked it up?replysharereport5 likesyes, i too love having cameras in my bathroom so people can see me poop too.replysharereport1 likei didn't mean it was weird that there was no cameras in the bathroom just that it was weird that it would be picked up by a camera in the hall.
## 29
needs to leave a legacy...............kinda like obammie.replysharereport1 likehealth care is so expense serial killers are trying to stay in prison as long as possible.replysharereport1 likeat some point exacting justice is impossible and if we torture we risk loosing our humanity, but in this guys case i might risk it.replysharereport3 likesdid you mean losing our humanity? i'm pretty sure you did...replysharereportget over yourselfreplysharereportshould have been, "guy's", also....replysharereporthe's black.replysharereport2 likesishreplysharereportwhat an outrage! how dare you call him a "serial killer"! that is derogatory and offensive! from now on they're to be named as having "indifferential living syndrome". see, isn't that better?replysharereport7 likesninety is a little more than his fair share.replysharereport2 likessome people no longer deserve oxygen unless your incarcerated in california. he'll be running for dem congressman in 2020replysharereport9 likeseverytime i read about samuel little the more unnerving it becomes! he lives why?replysharereport6 likesliberal justice.replysharereport9 likesliberals want him for attorney general because he has more balls than holderreplysharereport5 likesbravo! 90 murders, wow soldiers don't even rack up that many kills. btw, why isn't he hanging in the gallows? not like he can be released without recidivating right? so why let him live when he's useless to anyone? that or send him to syria with a punisher t-shirt and an akreplysharereport5 likesa quick glance at the image before i started reading to article... oj is back in the news.replysharereport6 likesif this was a white guy killing black woman the streets would burn , where's the outrage?replysharereport14 likesyes we (white people) should march fight scream and burn down our neighborhoods over this.   who can be our spokes person?  ?  ?replysharereportdon't remember this guy. 90+...how many more out there on the loose...and worse?replysharereport4 likesso not all serial killers are whitereplysharereport12 likessamuel little, the face of death.replysharereport2 likesevil!replysharereport3 likesput all these killers in a pit and let the games begin . put it on pay per view and pay off the national debt.replysharereport3 likesmost serial killers are white males because there are more white males. per capita, its about even.replysharereport3 likeslittle is a black man.replysharereport3 likeseverything i ever heard is serial killers are white men. shows that racism keeps some killers on the streets if you automatically exclude anyone but white men for serial cases.replysharereport4 likesnope, 20% are black which like every other crime exceeds their demographics.replysharereport7 likestruthreplysharereporthe's been killing for a long time, & killing thru all the decades that we were told serial killers were white males. i wonder what goes thru a serial killer's mind over the course of a day. is finding a victim a constant obsession? does he ever stop thinking about his next kill or his last?replysharereport2 likesalso have a compact .45 but that was an impulse buy, kicks like a donkey!replysharereportat a glance i thought it was another o. j. story.replysharereport2 likesand yet he still breathes.replysharereport7 likesoj simpson's cousin?replysharereport6 likesmaxine waters brother.replysharereport1 likeone of the most prolific? is there somebody that single handedly killed more than this guy. this dude killed more people than the plaguereplysharereport7 likesyesreplysharereport2 likesthe total is not in on hillary clinton.replysharereport6 likesmcveighreplysharereportnext broward county vote counting  supervisor.
## 3
if it looks like a turd, smells like a turd and is surrounded by turds it's most definitely a turd....and when i say surrounded by turds i mean the other political corrupt idiots huizar calls his "friends"what a bunch of sleazebags! the mr. & mrs. both need to be locked up!i never understood why the people of that district elected huizartardo instead of the great gloria molina? run, gloria,run.please.file.lacounty.gov/sdsinter/lac/112123_gmolina_supervisorgloriamolina.pdfwww.calfund.org/about-ccf/board-of-directors/gloria-molina/en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gloria_molinabedrosian.usc.edu/blog/gloria-molina-a-pioneer-in-los-angeles-politics/www.ladowntownnews.com/news/a-grand-deal-yields-a-grand-park/article_dfd5762e-d2b8-11e1-b789-0019bb2963f4.htmlcorrupt democrat taking money for "favors"? nah, it couldn't be... lolfbi should check all the city council members. mark riddley-thomas, gil cedillo, richard alarcon, alex padilla, herb wesson. they probably did some "favors" too.did the la times just write a lengthy article about a politician with a serious ethics and/or corruption problem without once mentioning what party he belongs to? i guess that means he must be a democrat.more corrupt dimwit party members are being removed. conveniently, this information is released after the elections.typical democrat behavior. look into any given dimwit party member and you are bound to find graft, larceny, corruption, etc. degenerate behavior is a core aspect of a dimwit party member.money launderers disguised at lobbyists.this whole thing reeks; elected officials who take advantage of their positions like this need to be dealt with severely. severely.typical la politician. he will get away with no punishment based on past investigations.the picture says alot. it reminds of the seinfeld schmoopie episode. except they're looking at other seemingly thinking : "your'e crooked, no your'e crooked" we're crooked! like "can you believe these people here trust us"? cha-ching.time to toss the bad apple out on his sorry a..!great job la times. this is why i subscribe.good job by the la times for reporting on this.quote: "...he has credited the all-boys school for putting him on the right path..."any organization, school or person connected to the catholic church of pedophilia is the absolute last source you should be accessing for defining the "right path" to an ethical life or when developing your moral character. i am amazed how anyone is still so stupid as to keep "believing" in catholicism and their obviously twisted and hypocritical principles. wake up people!donald trump is presbyterian. he does not appear to be living an ethical life. he has no moral character. and he has twisted and hypocritical principles. how idiotic would it be to describe all presbyterians in this manner. your an absolute idiot!!!a politician will spend the tax payers' money as they see fit. it's not their money, so why should they care?we now know why his wife bailed on running for office...dem crooks!excellent reporting. thank you.sleezy huizy.
## 30
3 years is an absolute joke what with that  kind of power that this man had he should have been held to a higher standard and had to serve twice as much time as anyone he got illegally convicted.replysharereport1 likethe sentences were much too light. about 20 years would have been about right. there is no excuse in the world for this kind of thing to happen within our law enforcement agencies.replysharereport4 likesthere is no excuse in the world for this kind of thing to happen anywhere, with anyone.  there is no special sentencing guidelines 'just for cops'.replysharereport1 likehow many years did these black men serve in prison? this ex-police chief should serve a year for each year that his victims served. he would have gotten more time if he had just held someone as prisoner  in home.replysharereport4 likes3 years?  thats a joke.  this filthy criminal abused his law enforcement status to deprive citizens of liberty.  there should be mandatory sentences for government state actors caught abusing their offices or official positions & laws against violations of public trust.these asshats wield unlimited power - the power over life & death, the ability to destroy a persons life & deprive them of everything the constitution protects.  who knows if these are the only people they framed?  sadly, well never know.replysharereport3 likesthere is no such thing as 'unlimited' power.  every thing an officer does is reviewed endlessly.  yes, they are given great privilege, but they have to accept great responsibility to go with it and if they screw up they have great consequences.there does not need to be 'special laws' just for police officers.  if the laws regarding the violation of civil rights are too lenient, then change those laws.  as soon as you start creating 'just for cops' penalties, you are creating the exact situation that so many people think already exists - you are opening the door not only to special punishments, but to special preferences as well.  very bad idea.and, yes, you will know.  you can bet your last dollar that every single thing this person has been involved in will now be thoroughly investigated, and many cases - even those that he did not do anything wrong in - may be overturned as a result.replysharereport1 likebtw.  its sad that police use of force standard in america against its citizens is a lower standard than our military operating in active war zones - where theres an enemy who wants to kill you hiding within the population.it should not be a lower standard for cops who operate in a more permissive environment, and whose citizens are protected by our constitution.if cops, who are supposed to be trained professionals, cant operate within the same restrictive rules of engagement & escalation of force here at home as the military fighting a war abroad?  maybe they should do something else that they are better suited for.  just saying.replysharereport1 likethis message was deleted.this message was deleted.this message was deleted.did serve, usmc infantry, 21 years.  i know the police standard is just plain wrong.replysharereportshow 2 more replieshis time served should be equal to the time(s) those framed received, at minimum.replysharereport3 likesdouble standard at its best. the sentence should be the maximum sentence each victim was facing for each victim. the left refuses to punish government employees or college educated or college students equally. our colleges have their own police departments to protect their self-serving self proclaimed elites from crimes committed on campus property. these self proclaimed elites will never hold themselves to the same standards as they hold 90% of non government and non college educated americans.replysharereport3 likesit is the exact opposite of a double standard.  the exact same standard was applied to this ex-officer as would be applied to any other person who violated someone's civil rights in this fashion.  you spent a great deal talking about 'special elites' and different standards, while at the same time arguing for the very same 'different standards' that you are claiming are a problem.cops are treated with the exact same standards as everyone else.  that is true whenever people erroneously claim they are getting some kind of special treatment; it is also true, however, whenever people try to claim they should get a worse treatment because they are cops.replysharereport1 likeyour absolutely wrong. i don't hate cops, i hate dirty cops and dirty government employees. when a government employee has special laws to protect them and severe penalties if you threaten, harm, resist. these same government employees should be held to the same standards. colleges protect their criminals from normal legal criminal records. i am absolutely correct in my assessment of the double standard. a government employee has the power to destroy lives and a country.replysharereport1 likebubba's going to love you!replysharereportthis should be a life sentence. he violated the liberties of americans after taking an oath to do otherwise. disgusting person.replysharereport3 likes3 years for destroying so many lives . and all the helpers around him nothing .replysharereport4 likesi'd like to know why he was sentenced to only 3 years, when the max. penalty is 10.  he will be out in about 18 months, and that just isn't good enough for what he did.replysharereport10 likesin my opinion, 3 years is a gift. i believe people granted authority over others need to have the book thrown at them. i don't tolerate this crap.replysharereport9 likeshis mustache looks like that dude in super troopers.replysharereport1 likehe was just saving time/money by getting them off the streets early.  kudos!replysharereportand yet there are those who still question why kaepernick and fellow heroes are kneeling at football gamesreplysharereport4 likesnot questioning it. 1st. it is a piss poor time to do it. there are other points in the game to do that. 2nd this doesnt happen behind every door in the country.replysharereporthe will be popular in prisonreplysharereport1 likethat is a pretty light sentence as far as i'm concerned.  this is perhaps worse than women making false allegations of rape against men.  it is worse because he is a police chief, a trusted member of the city government.  he should get 20 years for this.replysharereport3 likesthree years? only three years? i am disgusted.replysharereport8 likesflorida? again??replysharereport4 likesi wouldn't be surprised if defense attorneys have already filed appeals on every case this "cop" was involved in. i wouldn't be surprised if some already convicted criminals end up going free because of this.replysharereport3 likesatesiano you are a devious person and your picture should be one of you in prison grab! your sentence was not even close to a proper punishment! you are a total insult to the law profession!replysharereport4 likeshis husband will be filing for divorce?replysharereportdetectives and city attorneys have pressure placed upon them to catch lawbreakers.  a fear of losing one's job motivates many to falsely accuse innocent people.replysharereport"just one bad apple"!!/ fopreplysharereporthe was not prepared......to violate citizens rights and get away with it!replysharereport2 likeshe should have gotten the max.      government and especially elected officials that do things like this break the trust of the people and are doing harm way more than just the people he put in jail. in order to guarantee the integrity of the police force everyone involved needs to be put away for a long time to let other officers know without the benefit of a doubt that this is not acceptable.  i found it laughable that they seemed to think because they had a prior record that it somehow make it ok to target these men.replysharereport9 likeshe will get the max.....pension!replysharereport1 likefunny how this isn't on the front pagefox news buries stories that don't fit their narrativereplysharereport1 likei am reading this on the fox web page and its on the front page.replysharereport8 likesi guess the good thing is that he's not a racist.replysharereport1 likeyes, because only whites are racists.....(sarcasm)
## 31
why did we need him here? idea: only let people come here from countries that score high on a civility rating system. somalia? not so much.replysharereportstrip citizenship ...send back to somaliareplysharereport3 likes"he did not receive "intensive medical care he needed.     what? he didn't have health insurance? but that's impossible. obama said that everyone would be able to afford health insurance in his program.replysharereport1 likewe're way over too civilized, this sub standard human being deserves to be dragged in a public square and then thrown  rocks until his death as they do in the cavern world from where he comes from.. does not belong in modern society......replysharereport7 likeswhy do we need to be taking in mental cases as new ciitizens? we already have enough native wackos.replysharereport13 likesso does this bball basket case have a job?  idntsreplysharereport2 likestake note all jews living in the twin cities of minnesota, somalia capital of america:quran chapter 5 verse 52 oh he that believe, take not jews or christians as friends as they are friends to one another. and whoso among you takes them for friends is indeed one of them. now isnt that a comforting thought? but thanks to liberals, thats what you have in america today!  not religious practice and tolerance through peace, but rather utter hatred and a plan to destroy america within. so my fellow citizens, i present to you americas trojan horse!replysharereport16 likesisiam is poison.replysharereport16 likesmaybe the seattle jews have started to arm themselves and the liberal los angeles jews need to catch upreplysharereport7 likeswell, the washington liberals are certainly trying their best to keep the law abiding citizens from owning firearms. that should help the terrorists save on gas money.replysharereport7 likesyou can't tell me that religion does not preach hate. otherwise how would a somali man garner hatred for jews? last i checked there weren't too many in africa.replysharereport10 likesthe fruits of diversity..replysharereport8 likesoh that diversity, enriching us whether you like it or notreplysharereport5 likesthere are no jews between seattle and los angeles?replysharereport4 likesso, why are we letting "mentally deficient" refugees from somalia become u.s. citizens? is it a quota thing ?replysharereport12 likessuch a nice fella though..  i'm sure that his defense will be that "he is a mentally troubled guy", that's all.  or, just misunderstood in some way.. or, maybe just a bad hair day perhaps..none of this is funny of course.  however, there sure is a pattern - and growing by the day..  just look at western europe and the uk...and minnesota..replysharereport9 likeseliminate him now, permanently  !!! .... he has demonstrated his intentions, don't wait until he carries them out !!! .......although our joke of a liberal judicial system will probably do so  !!!replysharereport9 likesanother useless somalia refugee. probably still receiving food stamps and free health care. we must demand an end to the refugee programs that cost taxpayers billions, then give out free benefits day one.replysharereport12 likescan't trust anyone with the word "mohammed" in his name.replysharereport6 likeswhy drive to la plenty of jews in seattlereplysharereportmohamed mohamed? very creative.replysharereport6 likeswell seattle is one of those refuse cities.replysharereport5 likesslam and dunkreplysharereport2 likesa schizophrenic mooselamb somali refugee.sounds like a winning combination. these "immigrants" are making america stronger.lol.replysharereport9 likesmohamed see, mohamed do!replysharereport8 likeswe shouldn't say anything about this gentleman until we find out what kind of trauma he was subjected to in his native country.love, m. watersreplysharereport6 likesi think his pirate days in somali wasn't included on his immigration application...he had to change careers rather suddenly.replysharereport4 likesno matter what it was! nothing gives this creep the right to hurt others, you sound like someone who would welcome him with open arms and hug him till he see's the error of his ways. come back down to this planet and wake up!replysharereport3 likesthis message was deleted.this message was deleted.god i hope so!replysharereporthomeless in seattle.replysharereport4 likesi would think that at this point, anyone named "mohamed" would not be allowed into our nation as a "refugee"...replysharereport12 likesthis message was deleted.well spoken, nikita.replysharereport3 likesthis message was deleted.which party supported the kkk? could it be the democrat party?????????replysharereport10 likeslol really? you do know that the parties floped right? just keep telling yourself that if it makes you feel good.replysharereportshow 13 more repliesi know a guy who had a phd in physics who came through the legal process and it took over 10 years for him to get us citizenship. we have such a warped immigration system.replysharereport7 likesyou have our do nothing congress to thank for that!replysharereport8 likesi'd certainly like to see a little less talk and a lot lot more action from congress. if they can't figure out what to work on, here's my list clear and concise immigration rules, build a border wall, and cut the geographical model for health care. let me shop the country and buy what is best for me. now get to work!replysharereport1 likemy sister in law came and it only took her three years. maybe your guy puts stuff off!replysharereport
## 32
if looks make you guilty then both of them qualify.replysharereportfreaks.....complete losers should have never had freedomreplysharereport2 likesbonnie& clyde wanna b meth heads?replysharereport3 likesprobably they learned that from immigrants... deport them!!!  to ... ireland?replysharereport1 likesomebody needs to work on their people skillsreplysharereport1 likeyou know why she has a blackened left eye?........he's right handed....!!!replysharereport1 likebrunette was jealous of the young blond.replysharereport2 likes"having weapons while under disability" is that some new fangled law in ohio?replysharereport7 likeslife with no parole, maybe 25-30 years from now they will realize the gravity of their actionsreplysharereport5 likeswho pays for the attorneys when it comes to defending these people?  is it pro bono by the attorneys, or are they public defenders, or what?  somebody please explain.replysharereport3 likesit is part of the miranda rights. "if you do not have money to afford an attorney, one will be assigned to you."replysharereport1 likethat's only during questioning by police at the time of arrest. it does not extend last that.replysharereport1 likeif they can't afford an attorney, the court will either assign a public defender of an outside attorney who is better qualified to handle murder cases. it is very expensive to defend a person on a charge of murder, so there isn't any attorney who will do it pro bono. the tax payers do.replysharereport3 likesshow 1 more repliesalways best to avoid people with neck tattoos.replysharereport11 likesi couldn't agree with you more.  neck and/or face tattoos are, imho, a sign of mental illness.replysharereport5 likesthey obviously don't want to be a slave to our creator for an eternity.replysharereport1 likeeuthanize them.replysharereport11 likesi don't understand how me and those specimens can be members of the same species.replysharereport8 likesi am so tired of white people always chasing 99 percent  tof ther own problems and crime issues bit then thrown to blame blacks. its not our fault the white on white hmcice rate is 94 percent this year. focus on getting on white crime under control.replysharereportbob homicide rate is also 90+%.  bow though is twice what wob rate is.replysharereport13 likescan you translate that for me?replysharereport1 likebruthas kill bros more than bros kill bruthasreplysharereport2 likesmy guess is none of these people, the victim or killers, had parents who were worth a damn.replysharereport4 likesmy guess is, they may have, but the drugs saw to it it wasn't necessary.replysharereportsomthe right didnt wan allaynthe race csrd now huh?! a few weeks ago you rscjst filth wer eon here blsmong blscks for this with zero proof of anything.replysharereportlay off the crack, man.replysharereport3 likesif a white is to blame, so be it. if a black is to blame, so be it.replysharereportgee..... wonder if these two are meth users?replysharereport13 likesi really wish we could engineer a virus to get rid of trash like this from the worldreplysharereport7 likesone did the killing but all participated, hang all 4. rip young lady, you didn't deserve this.replysharereport9 likes18 year old girls think they are being brave and cutting edge going out on their own.but they are just easy targets to many people.replysharereport9 likesespecially when they hang out with meth/hard drug dealers/users who are 15 and 20 years older.replysharereport8 likesits a shame...i dont care if she might have been on drugs....she was beautiful...a huge lossreplysharereport3 likesnobody demanding that they should be set free because they're white. maybe the libs are wrong when they endlessly scream "racist" at anybody they disagree with.replysharereport5 likeswelp, what can you say on this one? the boy and girl next door?replysharereport1 likeohio has the death penalty. please use itreplysharereport10 likeswait.....let me guess.....one or both of them have a long list of priors?  no?  just on their way to choir practice and cops got the wrong perps....replysharereport3 likesthe guy was on probation. has a record longer than my arm. don't know about the woman, but i don't think that she's a stranger to jail cells either.replysharereport1 like
## 33
who raises these airhead monsters?replysharereport1 likeposter children for the leftist basement dwellers.replysharereport2 likesi'd say that's worth killing over...no sense in two 20 year old's having a job or anything to do but play games......just hope they went to school long enough to learn what the word sodomy means...their gonna learn real soon!!!!!!!!!replysharereport2 likessee, this is why i like my house, put everything in there that i need (except the occasional trip to the beer store) and try not to leave if i don't have to.  i have 400+ acres, shooting range, kegerator, sleds and 4x4s.  why would i ever leave?replysharereport2 likesaddiction. it's not just drugs anymore...replysharereport2 likesthe new greatest generation.replysharereport3 likes1st degree murder in a death penalty state.  all over a stupid gaming system.replysharereport5 likesi wonder if this ever happened over an atari system.replysharereport3 likesyes i believe it hasreplysharereportpeople used to just punch back then.replysharereport4 likeshe won't steal anything else.replysharereport12 likeswho said he stole it in the first place. they had a break in and they believed he was the one that stole it. what are they going to do when later down the line they find out it was the 16 year old kid down the street that really did it. is a playstation worth a persons life?replysharereport2 likeswell, it's a he said, he said - he said nothing.if they find out later that it wasn't him; hmmmm, the same thing as if it was him....spend some time in jail.you look at it as "is a ps worth a person's life?"  i look at it as "is your life worth a ps?"i'm not justifying what these two losers did and have no idea if they targeted the right guy or not.  hopefully a good investigation will reveal that they did indeed get the right guy.replysharereportpremeditated murder in the first degree.  death sentence called for if convicted.replysharereport6 likesstealing a playstation from basement dwellers is like stealing a crack head's stash.  very risky.replysharereport16 likesmore disgusting behavior from liberals. that's all you see from liberals.replysharereport5 likeson the lighter side, roommates wanted to share fla home . . .replysharereport2 likesthey need to hold the person who sold them the chef's knife accountable.replysharereport13 likesand let's not leave out the company that made it and so on and so on. you know like the anti gun nuts!replysharereport3 likesthey will have all the joy sticks they could ever wont to play with in prison.replysharereport4 likesbut your honor, he stole my play station!poor little snow.flakesreplysharereport6 likesgood thing they didn't have a gun. ps control anyone?replysharereport1 likeif he did indeed steal the ps, he'll never steal anything else and i'm okay with that.  it looks and sounds like the whole lot are a bunch of losers, except for the new roommate.replysharereporttheir acceptance to yale medical school will have to wait until they get out of prison.replysharereport7 likeschef knives kill people. ban all knives!!replysharereportbilotta looks like al pacino in scarface.replysharereportwho was this tiny chef and why didn't he keep his knives away from these crazy gaming fools?replysharereport2 likesnot that it was right but the thief got what was coming to him.replysharereportboth need to be strung up.replysharereport2 likeshahahahahaha! love that nobody's commenting on how disgusting the victim/thief is.... he got what was coming to him. dont break in to someone's house and steal their stuff..... calling the cops doesnt help. they very rarely ever recover stolen items... maybe a butcher's knife was a little much. kicking his teeth in would have been better.replysharereport1 likelittle animals! in your twenties and still playing video games? hang them with an eighties nintendo cord.replysharereportwait til they find out the joysticks in prison differ from the ones they're used to.replysharereport2 likeswhew, at least they didn't use a gun.replysharereport9 likes21 & 22 & own a playstation might have been a clue to begin withreplysharereport10 likesare there no hungry gators in florida.....??replysharereport2 likeswild hogs.  eat you, your boots and your belt buckle.replysharereport2 likesahhhh....the generation of gamers are becoming the example of americas finest!replysharereport7 likesthese play stations are causing an unbelievable amount of violence. its time to ban play stations. we need more play station legislation .replysharereport6 likeswhat we need is an express lane to lethal injection.replysharereport5 likesrope is reusable and cheapreplysharereport7 likes
## 34
and when he kills her everyone will be like "why didn't somebody see this coming!!?replysharereporti expect nothing less from the team in washington.replysharereport2 likesblack guys smacking around their girlfriends is just their way of showing love . . . i love you (smack), i love you (smack), i love you so much (smack- smack).replysharereport1 likeseems the 'skins were looking out for his girlfriend's well being.  they saved her from an immediate beatdown for making him lose his job.  this gives him some time to cool off.replysharereport1 likespeaks volumes on the thinking of who management is at the washington redskins....not everyone deserves a second chance or in this case a third chance.... especially for domestic violence...foster is a threat big time..... all the statements the redskins make do not mean anything, they are words.... foster is dangerous....replysharereport1 likeand now, in addition to being hammered for their name, the redskins will be pummeled for supporting a woman abuser.replysharereport4 likeselissa ennis figures she's been with the guy long enough to sue him and at least walk away with something.replysharereport2 likesgreat idea! let's reward (*alleged*) domestic abusers!replysharereport4 likes"are nothing our organization would ever condone."except they claimed him.replysharereport4 likesother than catching a football he is basically unemployable!replysharereport3 likesdoes this mean nike will make him their next spokesperson?replysharereport11 likesif he is convicted and gets probation will the nfl let him play? he is one of the oppressed and shouldn't have his livelihood taken away.replysharereport5 likeshe's not allowed to play now. if found guilty, he will get cut.replysharereportsf sure has a serious program on domestic violence with real consequences.replysharereport2 likesgotta love football......they don't care who you're beating up....as long as you're beating up someone.replysharereport4 likesok folks, is it just me or does the photo of the wanna be ike turner look like there's a bunch of snakes having a meeting on his head?replysharereport2 likesredskins vp of player personnel: "we need guys that can hit hard."replysharereport3 likeshell yeah, he knocked one of them out. definitely a hard hitterreplysharereport1 likeif this was some isolated occurrence then there could be a chance with him. but he has history of violence and can not seem to control himself. he needs to get real help before his chances are used up.replysharereport5 likesfortunate for foster that the nfl lacks any type of ethics or integrity otherwise he would be in jail or dead. i'm sure his academic time at alabama prepared him well for life after football. i seriously doubt foster completed one meaningful class at saban university.replysharereport7 likesdid not know who reuben foster was.  figured it out as soon as i read the headline.replysharereport3 likesdoes kaepernick take a knee for reuben's 'oppression'?replysharereport5 likeshey kaepernick, even a woman abuser can get a job. but not you. ahafaha.replysharereport6 likesno surprise here. nfl has been history in our house since they took a knee. what a joke this is, and they only waited two days.replysharereport7 likesdidn't the nfl once create a dude (monster) named o.j. with that kind of enabling/blind eye treatment? we'll see this cat again in about 20 years surrounded by a team of well dressed currency vampires proclaiming his innocence with a 'dindunuffin' plea... *future bride(s) beware!replysharereport5 likeswashington redskins, oops, were not suppose to say redskins anymore. but get ready. this mope will abuse again.replysharereport3 likesshame on you redskinsreplysharereport5 likesdc made up women abuser politicians so why not the redskins do the same.replysharereport2 likeslook at the movies back in the 20's/30's/40's/50's and women were smacked or smackin a man - plenty of men got hit with a skillet -  they would all have been charged with domestic violence -replysharereport4 likesanother sierra foxtrot november who cannot behavereplysharereport2 likesnational felon leaguereplysharereport5 likesas long as he does not take a knee - it is all goodreplysharereport1 likemaybe he can hook up with marion barry ex d.c mayor who was caught in a sting smoking crack on surveillance and theeen was re-elected..d.c is such a classy cityreplysharereport5 likesdoug williams....i hope you let him date your daughter...replysharereport4 likes1st degree - that is nothing for dems - he will fit right in with the redskins -if not he can be traded to the ravensreplysharereport2 likesdomestic violence..who would have ever guessed..i actually thought that was a women in the orange jump suit at a glancereplysharereport2 likesplayers "of colour" get so upset seeing statues of civil war soldiers because it triggers thoughts of repression of their ancestors being bought, sold and traded by rich white men.  but they have no issues being bought, sold and traded by rich white men.replysharereport7 likesdemocratic white men at that.replysharereport1 likeyou do realize that they are getting paid by those white men unlike back during the civil war?replysharereportso what level of income nullifies the label "slave"?  they got paid back in the civil war also.they have no association to statues but it triggers them.
## 35
sad.replysharereportexactly what is there to investigate? the officer was shot and killed while trying to do his job.the guy who killed the office is in custody.done! now take him to prison,do not pass go (waste time in court),and straight to the electric chair or what ever they do to those who are sentenced to death ,and be done with it!replysharereport5 likesgod bless your family. officers in arizona i truly wish you would consider not responding to calls as quickly.it's clear how the people of arizona feel about respecting men and women that risk their lives daily.the people of arizona do not deserve law and order. the taliban are the true leaders in arizona. sad but true.replysharereport1 likerip sir. god bless you and your family. #bluelivesmatterreplysharereport10 likesbring back the electric chair!replysharereport12 likespeople shoot at cops nowadays without any hesitation. unbelievable.  rip.replysharereport16 likesamenreplysharereport7 likeswhen issuing a warrant, call out for the person to come out backwards and hands behind head. do that 3 times before sending in smoke, tear gas..replysharereport4 likesor just bring starbucksreplysharereport1 likethe increase in police killings began under barack hussein obama. he had no respect for law enforcement and had no problem showing it, and i might add, encouraging the same.replysharereport30 likeshe had no respect for the military, either.replysharereport14 likesunlike trump. who has not done one positve thing for vets. he is against their proposed pay raise, he has lied to and disrespected the military more than anyone in history. what did he do on vet day? memorial day? labor day? he doesnt even know the national anthem or pledge of allegiance. no bible verses, he cant even color the flag correctly.  facts!! he also is a draft dodger.replysharereport3 likesget your facts straight. president trump did more for our vets and military than obama did in 8 years. he gave his q2salary to be used to help veterans transition from military life to the private sector  as entrepreneurs.  yet many easily forget what other presidents have done! oh wait, no other president has ever donated their salary! . you are not  doing your homework and do not know what our president is doing to help america!!  wordreplysharereport12 likesshow 11 more repliesblue lives matterreplysharereport31 likeswhatever the suspect was being served for has now increased to murder!replysharereport17 likesso heart-broken for his family, what a  dangerous job!replysharereport24 likesthank god for body cams.  they're showing who the bad guys are and it's not the policereplysharereport25 likesshooting and killing any law enforcement officer should be quick death penalty, no appeals.  don't care how bad the shooter's childhood was -- deserves to die.replysharereport37 likessee my previous post.i agree whole heartedly!replysharereport1 likejust as i predicted the increase in cop killing is happening under trump. even though when it came to cop killing he said"it ends now!"replysharereportthere is help for the mentally ill like you.replysharereport33 likesthis "snake" is beyond help but a lobotomy might find out why he doesn't have a brain.replysharereport11 likesso you predicted what, that things don't change overnight? eight years of of the kenyans lawlessness takes more than a day.replysharereport24 likesshow 5 more repliescondolences to the family!replysharereport21 likesshould have sent tommy lee jonesreplysharereport4 likesmy town serves warrants with 2 cops, in the daytime, with guns at the ready.replysharereport16 likesmy town had two regeneron science scholars. that's more than many red states.replysharereportlol snowflake.  go vote for your queen.replysharereport16 likesiq98? doubtful more like single digits.replysharereport7 likesif people want this cop killing to stop what needs to happen is, if you kill a cop (or simply wound one, doesn't matter, the intent was to kill) they will hunt you down, find you and start shooting until you are dead. no negotiating, no waiting for a killer to come to their "senses". they've already proven they will not hesitate to kill more. just start shooting and keep shooting until they are dead, no waiting for a swat team to show up, no waiting for some "negotiator", no thinking on the killer's part "even if i get the death penalty i'll probably die of old age first". and this policy takes away all the asinine screams of racism or racial privilege, everyone gets treated the same way. i think you'd see a dramatic drop off in leo's being shot since word of this policy would spread faster than a california forest fire.replysharereport26 likesso you are expecting criminals to be rational and forward thinking?replysharereportfirst off, this is not about simple "criminals". it's about people who will shoot an leo in order to evade capture or arrest. there's a world of difference. now to your point. at first they won't get it but eventually they will as cop killers start driving down the entrance ramp on the highway to hell instead of a prison cell. at the very least it will insure that they never kill another officer, or anyone else, again. you're mistaken in your assumption regarding rational thought by assuming these killers are too stupid to understand certain death.replysharereport3 likesyour giving most of them way too much credit for actually thinking morally, or logically about what they are doing in the first place, or the ones that are in metal distress who lack the ability to think rationally at all.replysharereportshow 3 more repliesyou have to have your gun drawn at all times.  screw the snowflakes who will protest.replysharereport15 likesjust like the perp who shot the officer. you know you're impressed.replysharereport1 likethis perp is a 2a hero.  the authorities came to his castle and he gave the officer the traditional 2a sendoff.  this is exactly what guns are for - the nra and 2a advocates remind us.replysharereport2 likeslolreplysharereport2 likesyou really are sick!  someone needs to check you out. i believe in the 2nd amendment. the nra advocates do not represent what you are saying.  sick!replysharereportyou do realize that a fair number of people in law enforcement are nra members and that the nra has for many years provided courses specifically for law enforcement as well as other support activities. most nra folks take dim view of this individuals actions as it gives law abiding citizens who own firearms a bad reputation. the same as is true with say all those of a certain ethnic or religious affiliation are bad just because one individual committed a crime. live free or diereplysharereport
## 36
this is what i've been advocating ever since this caravan started out.  don't come north; head south.  they speak the language already, the weather is nice, and besides--we'd rather not have them here as we have our own criminal element and poor people.  we don't need those from other countries, too.if we keep importing enough poor and destitute from 3rd world countries, guess what our country will begin to look like?replysharereport1 likeafghanistan, yemen, coming operation against iran (mbs-netanyahu-trump joint), china, russia, north korea. sounds expensive.replysharereportyou don't pay taxes, so don't worry about it. it won't effect your ebt much.replysharereport2 likeshe doesnt need an ebt card. he just raids moms fridgereplysharereport1 likewhat was it eisenhower warned against? hint, it's right below this line."we are in an era of great power competition," mattis said. "but as president trump has said, competition 'does not always mean hostility, nor does it inevitably lead to conflict.' it wont, if we continue to invest in strength. this is true of americas relationship with china."replysharereport1 liketell us about your relationship with your daddy. did he touch your no no naughty spot?replysharereportthis message was deleted.this message was deleted.project much?the op keeps making daddy comments. he has daddy issues.replysharereportyou may be right.replysharereportdaddy trump needs you, he's got a fever and it ain't for more cowbell.wwiii coming soon.replysharereportyou think the "intelligence community" will force war with russia,despite trump's tendency to make deals to better both countries ?replysharereport1 likehave you decided on which restroom to use today?replysharereport3 likespanama only has 4.1 million people.they're not going to allow tens of thousands of bums to come in for handouts.replysharereport1 likewe didn't steal the land from the natives so others could just come and live here.replysharereport1 likeeuropeans made the neanderthals go extinct.that's pretty extreme.replysharereport1 likeyou are free to try and take it back. go ahead. it will be fun.replysharereport4 likesthe usa is no different from any other country in history.we were just among the latest to do so.we were also the most successful.byte me.replysharereport1 likedeplorables get your kids ready to enlist, we have bigger fish to fry than migrants:congress should not cut defense spending next year due to the renewed rivalry with russia and china, defense secretary jim mattis said saturday during a defense policy forum.replysharereport1 likewar with russia would be over in a few hours - hypersonic nukes, then the end of civilization.if you're expecting another wwii, you are sadly mistaken.replysharereport1 likea one worlders dream.  faster than previously planned.  reduction in the world population is the aim of the man made global warming hoax.replysharereportyou should continue hiding in your mom's panty drawer.replysharereport55 million illegals living in this country. how many more can we take in?replysharereportabout a billion,according to democrats.replysharereporthear hear, i'll second that motion...all others say aye!replysharereportif you have an iq over 90, and you still want open borders, you should get re-tested.replysharereport7 likesbelieve it or not, the average i.q in this country is only 98, look it up. damn scary when you really actually think about it...the top 2% are the ones who create our future, and we need better odds than that..if we're going get off this rock.replysharereportderoy murdock: central american migrants should caravan to panama-----------------------------------------------------------------------------i've always hear good common sense from deroy.replysharereport1 likepanama's wealth is all window dressing...without the infusion of capital from the increased use of the upgraded canal they would be in worse shape than all but venezuela. added to that, much of their increased wealth is due to expats from the us willing to pay overinflated prices for homes and haciendas. panama inherited millions of dollars of homes and property within the former canal zone from the us military.replysharereport2 likesbwahahahaha! take away the eiffel tower and the paris economy would suffer, really!replysharereportpanama - that's where john mccain was born.replysharereportthe white obama.replysharereporti'm just a poor deplorable, hiding behind my guns and religion. daddy trump save me!replysharereportis it meth? is that what your issue is? they have rehab centers. give it a try.replysharereport2 likeshe is trying to save you, snowflake.replysharereportif you have guns and religion why would you be hiding?replysharereporteveryone's a democrat or rino but daddy trump.replysharereport1 likeyour daddy issues on full display. sad.replysharereporthe's a troll who spends his life on here.replysharereport1 likehey sometimes they are entertaining, on a slow night...
## 37
george soros human trafficking of his organized criminal migrant mules. another rothschild -soros investment "fund." eu and the un, full scale  hedging their monies with their forced border "orderly" migration " treaty, pact" of illegals into all countries. by land, sea and air. islamic terrorist jihadists too. of course, big monies in assisting with their world wide infiltration and killing of all "infidels." uk, australia, france, belgium...replysharereportgeorge soros is 86 years old.replysharereportthis is the cartels taking advantage of the caravan diversion. the cartels are betting on the officers in the ports to be too busy with blocking the human herd, and performing less inspections. the thing you need to ask yourself, if this is what they are catching, how much made it through?all one has to do is run a google search on heroin addiction in america, and you will see the cartels are quite successful in their smuggling ventures.build the friggin wall!replysharereport4 likesdrug cartels are terrorists and should be treated as such.to be fair, the cartel honchos live life like rodents. running and hiding all the time with a really low life expectancy ...replysharereport2 likesway to go...stop the drugsreplysharereport14 likesmexico is not forcing drugs on america. america buys all the drugs it can get. america seems to want them.replysharereport2 likesyes because the more cartels in this country, the more guns they buy. abkut 70% of the guns   seized in mexico from these dealers can be traced back to the united states. someone is making big money in the states from drugs getting in. border wall to keep people out? try a designated team to check people going out the same way theres a team checking people coming in.replysharereport5 likesthats a good point. ive driven and riden into mexico and been checked but maybe the mexicans dont get checked when they are headed back.replysharereport2 likesshow 4 more repliesdemocrats do not care one bit if these drugs are killing thousands of americans each year . disgusting . . .replysharereport16 likescopper tops are all to easy to replace. they churn out babies like they were getting a bonus for each one in some latin american countries.oh wait.....replysharereport6 likesdemocrats push addiction treatment but republicans always fight them.replysharereporti support euthanasia.replysharereport7 likesshow 3 more repliesboy! is this a revolving door.  drug cartels sell their wares as millions die of drug overdoses and we as americans pay trillions to police, jail, investigate , collect, incarcerate plus court costs , new laws, the list goes on . just think if we stopped drugs trafficking for good all the money we would save all the money we could pay our debts fix the infrastructure improve healthcare all by ending drug cartels and their operations.replysharereport13 likesthe fentanyl comes from china, the oxycontin comes from the drug industry and crooked us doctors.replysharereport3 likesyou forgot the small little detail that the us consumers pay a lot of money for these drugs and keep very high demand year after year. what do you expect cartels to do? stop making millions and millions of dollars and get a 9-5 job? assuming there are even jobs available.replysharereport1 likeread an article the other day, the commercial truck traffic crossing that border checkpoint is well over 13,000 vehicles a day. on average bp looks at about every 7th truck, no way in the world to monitor them all.replysharereport4 likestha's right. but our agents are experienced and have a fairly good track record of detecting contraband, and they have tools to find it. its just an overwhelming number of dirty crossersof course everybody knows its a five for them one for us deal anyway, at least we're getting some.replysharereport3 likesdon't close your mind to solutions because there are ways to stop this drug traffic and not rely on dogs or check points. our approach has been too broad this is why they can get around it.  we need to employ technology that is by design set up to track see and find drugs on all shipments into this country. you don't pick and chose because you know before what is there. you also track where these trucks for one come from so you can follow it back to the sourse without drug cartels knowing then take them out. take control globally of drug cartel accounts and funds without any foreign protection standing in the way.   this would be a silent war not much to see but totally deadly.replysharereport4 likesmy guess is the more difficult it becomes for the drug cartels to conduct business the less they are going to like members of the caravan. stay tuned.replysharereport6 likesthe rediculous drug war  doesn't accomplish anything. they will just send more.replysharereport1 likethe war keeps law enforcement employed.replysharereport2 likesexactlyreplysharereport1 likethat's about the size of it.replysharereportshow 2 more replies17 pounds of fentanyl.  you'd need a bio hazard suit to handle that amount safely.replysharereport11 likesyes, you can check my suitcase to its final resting place. don't drop it.replysharereport2 likeswhere is the outrage from democrats and the mainstream media. those people were potential democratic voters.replysharereport10 likestoo busy smoking pot.replysharereport7 likesthink what they didn't catch.replysharereport10 likesnice catch, to bad that's like a weekly shipment.replysharereport3 likesoh those "dreamers"...replysharereport16 likesone of the beautiful side effects of having so many law enforcement agents massed at the border. they should stay there even after the caravan is gone.replysharereport20 likeskeep up the good work border security.replysharereport21 likesahhhmmmm was the drug traffic going south or north? ;)replysharereportwhy do these countries suck. fresh fruit, fish, wild boar. they all looked healthy before they came. now they got tberqulosis , and other things as tho class rooms need more diseases.   hahaha put them in the coal mines with a pick.replysharereport5 likeschop their lil fingers off so they can be easily identified next time... sooner or later they won't do that againreplysharereport8 likesnaw... tht's coming soon enough... sharia law.replysharereport2 likesgod bless the cbp! those drugs kill people, and lead to most of america's crimes. no wonder democrats want an open border.replysharereport21 likes
## 38
how do millions of welfare recipients aid our economy?replysharereport10 likesif you work for the government handing out these things it's like getting more customers and even more job security.replysharereport1 likesimple, they spend that money given to them. doesnt help us taxpayers but does help the grocery store etc...replysharereportno, obviously youve never seen a western union/check cashing business in a migrant neighborhood. they send every dime they get right back to the countries they came from as fast as they get it.replysharereport2 likesdon't think our enemies aren't following these stories to learn tips for an invasion. then again, we just let most of them in anyway.replysharereport6 likeswhile it may be true that we would profit from the people immigrating in, which i don't totally believe, it still remains that it only works when done legally. the thing that i see here is that when it comes to this kind of immigrant, the rule of law doesn't matter. it seems that the fact that they are willing to break the law to come in. doesn't matter and the fact that a number continue to break even more laws, which is what criminals usually do, their status gives them a pass. even when using a gun to do it. i know the percentage is supposed to be low for them committing more crimes, but if we can reduce one violent crime through forcing legal immigration it's worth it. by the way we didn't gas children, we gassed an invading mob. yes because of the wind children felt the effects. put the blame where it belongs on the mob. that really showed how peaceful they are.replysharereport12 likesonly liberals see or think allowing people to migrate (legal or illegally) will be profitable for the actual citizens of this country. they end up being supported by the government and who actually pays for that - the actual citizens.  so we won't profit but in fact cost us more.replysharereport8 likesonly conservatives are confused.replysharereportsorry we are not confused we just don't think with just our hearts but let logic make the decisions. not some pie in the sky scenario.replysharereport7 likesshow 1 more repliesthis caravan has no redemming  quality.and need to stand in line like the rest of the world .the ones i heard interviewed.none said they were fleeing any kind of persecution not one.tiajuana said they have 7000 jobs available .and offered them work did they take it no because they want welfare and handouts .no assylumreplysharereport15 likeswhat this article clearly states is that there's no good reason for this group to pass on asylum/jobs/housing etc. in mexico .. and travel on to demand same in the usa. they'd clearly be better off in mexico vs. their homeland. however, the rock throwing young men make it difficult for any country to open arms wide and roll out the welcome mat. if they're throwing rocks now - while making demands along the way - what's next? not really interested in finding out ...replysharereport20 likesfor me, this has nothing to do with weather or not immigration is useful, or even harmful.  i'll just say it. immigration did build this country. as did any country. our country is built. now it needs to settle. i see nothing wrong with limiting immigration visas, asylum, and citizenship, "all around"(temporarily)we need to fix our infrastructure. this "is" a numbers game.replysharereport13 likesfirst it's whether not weather secondly show me in our history where people were allowed to just walk into our nation without signing anything nor showing any documentation as to whom they are. i have actually looked and it didn't happen anywhere but on our southern border. ellis island has signed and documented ledgers of everyone that got off a boat there.replysharereport9 likesupdate: if the new leftist president of mexico wishes to join with liberals on destroying our country they may want to reconsider. but then again america can help the latino people more by sending troops into these countries and clean out the corruption causing this mess in the first place. if you have hispanic friends let them know millions here in america have no problem solving the problems in their respected countries as to why their citizens are leaving on foot. i, like the majority of this country aren't going to tolerate liberals in america siding up with a bordering country's to help them dismantle our country. this will not end well.replysharereportit's been fun watching mexico get a taste of their own medicine.replysharereport21 likesamen! mexico has allowed this to go on .. has sat by and idly watched/assisted .. and now president trump has applied the brakes.don't want to hear any of mexico's problems with this group.replysharereport19 likesoh i want to hear them but i don't want a single penny flowing south to help with the costs.replysharereport12 likesyes it has been fun and trump did say mexico would pay for the wall, not sure about the wall part, but they sure are paying. they just want to dump what they created on the us. at any point they could of blocked there southern border, and stopped it. on december 1 there new president will step into office, and have to deal with this mess. i hope for him that he has a plan in mind. this to me is a part of the nwo-agenda 21 that they are trying to push on us. it is a setup to make trump look bad. it may get him his wall which we really do need. we have to have some control as to what goes on in this country. the us has its own problems, homeless people, vets who are living in the streets, before giving out aid to foriegners they should be taking care of there own people. this will not go away, it will just continue on, most of these people are fighters, not families of women and children. they are the cover. they want us all to open up our hearts to them, we would pay dearly for that. this is basicly a war, invasion of our country. it may get out of control, women and children get hurt in wars also. i am sure the border control and military will do what they have to to protect this country at what ever cost. i expect in the next few weeks, to have to face some new challenges. we can not allow this.replysharereport10 likesthe u.s. has a lot of it's own unskilled people.  what this country needs is skilled immigrants.  other countries severely limit admission of true refugees and then allow only legal immigration of skilled persons, so why is it so awful that the u.s. do the same?  as for rivera's claim that these illegals are more law abiding than native born americans, he should meet my new illegal immigrant neighbors who i've had to call the police on four times.replysharereport25 likeslol, that's nothing, i have a friend that lives next to a bunch of southern trump supporters crammed up in a 1,000 sq ft house with no running toilet inside and a porta potty in the back yard.replysharereport3 likesanother lie.replysharereport17 likesno, friend called police numerous times, they can't do a thing, no violation they can address. said he has to go before the town and try to get a health violation citation. good luck with that.replysharereport2 likesshow 7 more repliesi am sick of these migrants.  i am glad they are in mexico.  let them stay there.replysharereport21 likesyes. like living in a pressure cooker, if they remain where they are and more keep coming, the lid will blow off and it will be mexico that has to fix the problem that mexico allowed. it's already happening.replysharereport11 likesmy guess is that next week there will be some changes going on. mexicos new president is starting on december 1, of course the old one didn't want to ruin his legacy. so mr.president, you have your hands full from day 1. hopefully he will have the brains to block off the southern border in a more secure way. start by sending them home.replysharereport3 likesrefugee = legal definition* - a person who is being persecuted for reasons of race, religion, nationality, membership in a particular social group or political group and is outside of his/her home country. this is the law and definition since 1967. none at the border qualifies. asylum = same as above except they are standing on us soil. none at the border qualifies. no one at the border is leaving their home country due to any of the above conditions.  *international law first enacted in 1951 as the refugee convention, amended in 1961.replysharereport8 likesdefinitions refugee;  who is a refugee? article 1 of the 1951 convention defines a refugee as a person who is outside his/her country of nationality or habitual residence; has a well-founded fear of persecution because of his/her race, religion, nationality, membership in a particular social group or political opinion; and is unable or unwilling to avail himself/herself of the protection of that country, or to return there, for fear of persecution. what is protection? governments are responsible for enforcing a countrys laws. when they are unable or unwilling to do so, often during a conflict or civil unrest, people whose basic human rights are threatened flee their homes, often to another country, where they may be classed as refugees and be guaranteed basic rights. (unhcr dot org)...see morereplysharereport1 likedoesn't apply here and goes out the window when they use violence to force their way into the country and attack border patrol personnel.  and then there's 8 u.s. code  1182 - inadmissible aliens.  the attacks upon both mexico's border and ours, along with attacks on border patrol personnel justify the president invoking that law.replysharereport11 likesdream on with that fantasy. you know, trump can't win in the court with that simply because anyone coming in illegally cannot be denied asylum processing, so therefore, how do you think trump can keep someone out using that section of the law.replysharereportshow 3 more repliescaravan!michael cohen pleads guilty, says he lied about trump's knowledge of moscow projectwhite nationalism!!police: ohio boy accidentally shot another teen, then killed selfobama!deutsche bank headquarters raided in case connected to panama paperstrump ramps up attacks on mueller | thehill  the hillexclusive: two key answers from trump to mueller  cnn...see morereplysharereport90% of all of which you point out comes under the direction of ... "the clinton crime family"... and her cronies in the govt. to keep the attention away from her and her accomplices.replysharereport6 likesbig business wants cheap labor. that's there excuse, it helps america. yeah right, their pocketbook.replysharereport13 likesdon't even try countering the negativity narrative about the browns by pointing a finger at the saintly job creators.replysharereport1 likelol! okay.replysharereportbaloney....we already have enough low-skilled immigrants!!!replysharereport21 likesnobody benefits from illegal immigration. except ms-13 & the drug cartels.replysharereport24 likesthe illegal immigrants and their soon to be newborn birthright citizen children will benefit at our expense for many years to come.replysharereport19 likesmy illegal immigrant latino neighbors have produced two kids in almost three years, adding to the others they already had.  only the older kids speak any english (because of public school).  mom and dad both have cars and drive, but (since neither speaks english) how do they read road signs and pass the licensing driving documentation requirements?  for that matter, as non-english speaking illegal immigrants, how did they pass the mortgage requirements that i had to pass?replysharereport13 likesthey do speak inglese. lol.they just don't like you.replysharereport1 like
## 39
she developed severe diarrhea and vomiting. complications from aids. who knows where the abuse came from?replysharereport2 likesi am 100% certain that her death while in ice custody would have been prevented if she stayed in honduras.replysharereport5 likestransgender, aids infected.  sounds like someone we should welcome with open arms into the country.replysharereport3 likes"her death was entirely preventable", i agree, she could have not illegally entered this country. bad things happen everyday to people in and out of jail.replysharereport6 likesconcerning, the lefties are using the "family also released a statement through free and the transgender law center".  this is available to americans! not immigrants trying to come here.  the presidentg, as in the commander and chief, wants to make america great again, and he is stopping the force that wants to break down the borders.  let them come to the wall as a human stampede, several 50 cal machine guns will mow them down without failure.  i hope they know, he is not kidding, he will keep the borders protected.replysharereport5 likesi wonder if this independent autopsy listed the gender of mr. rodriguez as male or female.   i know in today's political correct world everyone is free to identify with whatever gender they wish but has the medical community also bought into this.replysharereport2 likesshe left with dreams of opening a beauty salon and hopes of helping us out. she fled honduras because here transgender people are discriminated against.wait a minute...why was he coming here then? every day you hear about how trans are discriminated against in this country.replysharereport2 likessevere hiv and gender dysphoria..  his cause of death started many years ago - death came way too late..replysharereport5 likesthere should be some form of health screening for all immigrants like there was on ellis island. today, even those with aids can come in. our citizens are at risk for many diseases because of the many illegals coming in. the family should have made her stay home and take meds, they are responsible for her death.replysharereport2 likesrodriguez had aids, and yet, got across our border and we had to deal with it.   along with aids, they are bringing tb, lice, vd, etc. build the wall for the health, safety, and security of our nation.replysharereport9 likesbuild the wall...that will not solve the actual problem.replysharereportit died.replysharereport6 likes"complications related to hiv" = full blown aids.  ferfawkssake call it like it is.replysharereport10 likesi wonder where they got the idea that she was deprived of water?  dehydration is common when people have illnesses.  why keep her in cuffs?  was she combative?  hiv is threatening to others, of course.  maybe they were worried that she would put her body fluids on someone else.  who knows.replysharereport2 likesi believe you meant he. common mistake he did have woman's clothing on.replysharereport3 likeshe had aids, (advanced), death was inevitable.replysharereport8 likesyes.  it was preventable.  this individual could have stayed in honduras.  could have opted to engage in "safe" sex rather than getting hiv.  could have opted not to enter the country illegally.replysharereport18 likesagreed.replysharereport5 likessorry, we dodged that bullet as americansreplysharereport6 likesdon't know if this person is a he/she or a she/he, don't care. this person had advanced hiv, the autopsy identified the cause of death as dehydration and hiv complications. the severe diarrhea would explain the dehydration. those camps and centers aren't fill with saints but they didn't kill this person a disease did, says it right in the report.replysharereport15 likesdied of dehydration and complications from hiv.this guy was dying when he first made the fool decision to travel in hot weather for days and days on end in an effort to illegally invade a country.adios, senor.your demise had nothing to do with your female fantasy.replysharereport8 likes"this guy was dying when he first made the fool decision to travel in hot weather for days and days on end in an effort to illegally invade a country."  maybe this shows how bad the country they are leaving really is.replysharereport"an independent autopsy" = code for anti-american activistsreplysharereport9 likeshow are bruised ribs handcuff injuries?  your a criminal political dr., fake newsreplysharereport3 likesthis is the 21st century people. get with the program.replysharereporthe got punched in the adams apple? well, it was going to die of aids anyways. grossy...replysharereport3 likes"she" had prostate cancer.replysharereport2 likesi really think that if he she or it had stayed home then he she or it would be alive today ..replysharereport3 likesanother example of how many lives and how much money we could save by building that wall.  for the sake of the illegal immigrants who are risking their lives trying to get into the us and those legal immigrants and citizens who are put at risk when they actually make it into the country do it soon.  with a sturdy wall and the proper over watch the flood of violent illegal immigrants will slow to at worst a slow drip.  as for the trauma, the culture she came from is far from supportive of lgbt rights.  if her fellow immigrants knew what she was they likely kicked the stuffing out of her.replysharereport5 likesi think it is safe to say, this is no "she", born a male, dressed up in girls clothes, still a malereplysharereport" new mexico showed evidence that she was beaten, reports said tuesday."    it was in new mexico!!!!!!!!!there is no way ice could have done this in a day.   what happened was it threw it's self onto the wall and probably try to force it's way over the wall.  met with justice and was transported.    we are not hearing the full story here.   just so happens to be a freak of nature.replysharereport8 likesthe transgender persons should create transgenderland move there and stop bothering normal people.replysharereport10 likeswell something happened to her to cause those injuries and they need to find out how those injuries occured and take action against whoever did this horrible thing.replysharereportrough sexreplysharereportno timeline was given on when the injuries occurred. for all you know they happened right before the person was in custody.replysharereport3 likeswhat is stopping millions more from just walking up from below mexico. there are 10's of millions that live in poverty in central & south america. protect the countries boarder or face a flood of desperate humans.replysharereport5 likesthese people keep breeding like there's no tomorrow.  they are turning lush green lands into deserts.  those of you who get excited about global warming, take note.  over-population is what will get us.  these breeders spawn sub-humans who can't even take of themselves.  disease takes over because mother nature must cull the herd.  otherwise, all will perish.  in the meantime, the simple minded continue to breed and breed.  animals seem to be able to keep the balance of nature yet these so-called humans can't.  go figure.replysharereport
## 4
yarber was pronounced dead at the scene while a 23-year-old female passenger was airlifted to a trauma center with multiple gunshot wounds. xxxxxwere the officers cleared for shooting this passenger? not discussed in this story. was she the person who jumped out of the car?i think yarber would have been charged with crimes related to her being shot, because it's his fault the officers had to use their firearms to stop him.sounds like diante had a promising future that was stolen from him as well as three children he was devoted to. i think it's time for the city to pay up.
## 40
then take yourself back to where you come from....we do not want you in the us...plain and simple and then you wouldn't whine about being gassed. grow upreplysharereport1 likeheard today that the mayor of tj says it's costing his city $30,000 a day to take care of the invaders. wow, i'm sold!! that's $3.30 per day per person. that's a real bargain when realize what it costs us tax payers in californication each year. i say let moonbeam and gavin nausea pay the city of tj with the bullet train money!replysharereportdisappointed they only used pepper spray ammo. save that for chicago and the likes.  use real bullets, make the invaders think twice.replysharereport1 likerepression???  lol... just the snowflakes we were expecting...replysharereport3 likesare we getting duped on the wall deal? i thought mexico was gonna pay for it?replysharereportmexico is paying for the hoards of migrants now squatting on its territory.replysharereport8 likeswhen trump shuts down the entry ports into mexico, mexico pays big time $$$ !replysharereport1 likemy guess is they will beg for it after the onslaught of invadersreplysharereportas expected the media focuses on the use of tear gas by the border service but of course never mentions that during obama's administration it was used extensively. in 2012 it was used 27 times; in 2013 it was used 26 times and then decreased but still in obama's last year 2015 it was used 3 times at the border.not a word from the trump hating media.replysharereport7 likesthe united states recognizes the right of asylum of individuals as specified by international and federal law. a specified number of legally definedrefugees who apply for refugee status overseas, as well as those applying for asylum after arriving in the u.s., are admitted annually.this means line up come in at port of entry and apply.replysharereport2 likesthats the parts no one is really talking about , what happens after they arrive at there final destination ? food, shelter, jobs?thats what makes this so stupid, travel 2,700 mile with no idea .now mexico has to support this hope the have a lot of fruit to pick!!!replysharereport6 likesoh, they had an idea. they were told repeatedly not to come. not to come! they came anyway, some dragging small kids, hoping that would garner sympathy.replysharereport1 likethey can stay in mexico and work for gm corp.also known as great mexican carsreplysharereport9 likesford also, mostly mexican made.replysharereportwere these people actually convinced that all they had to do is just get to the border and walk right in. what did they think was going to happen when they threw rocks and start climbing.replysharereport4 likeswhat they think is exactly what they have been told by the dem's for decades.replysharereport3 likesit's been happening for decades.replysharereporti think they were.replysharereportthen they should go home and make their country great.replysharereport5 likesthere is not to many countries that i can think of that spain ruled and then left that turned out any good.replysharereport2 likescaravan migrants accuse!  accuse us border agents i feel for them but they have no united states rights they lost every right when breaking the law's of the us illegally.replysharereport6 likes.... illegal aliens are not wanted here - go home .....replysharereport10 likesthis issue runs deeper than the politics behind it, if we allow this it will set a new precedent in our country and the free world.i agree but mexico has no back bone!!!!!!!replysharereport4 likesamerica has no obligation to help these people. they are mexico's responsibility as per international law.replysharereport10 likesi think the leftists convinced mexico that they would be allowed in us, that or their in on it.replysharereport4 likeshere's a thought you identify all of those who rushed the fence... there are plenty of videos... those who are identified are refused any chance of legal entry.replysharereport4 likesno it wont , we have a responsibility here at home, we need to take care of things herein american ,not these people who show up demanding something they are not remotely intitled to, we as a nation need to stand and be willing to draw a line in the sand and put them and the world on notice that america will not tolerate this kind of thing any longer.if we do not our nation will be consumed by every other.replysharereport6 likesshould have used a few live rounds to send them a message.replysharereport3 likesthe joke will be on us if we fail to control the border.replysharereport7 likesit won't be a funny joke either.replysharereport6 likeswow, what a crock.poor souls, what the hell did the expect to get!!!!just waltz across the border, and  get a room , a welfare check.well tough cookies, go home already , you where told not to continue this fools journey.turn around or we will give you 3 hots and a cot at the green bar hilton.we have enough already!!!replysharereport5 likesthose two kids running down the hill in the picture , didn't look like they were crying . it looks like they were smiling and having a good old time . it almost looked like a big joke to them .replysharereport5 likesdid soros money played a role in this caravan- storm the us border thing?replysharereport3 likesdefinatly. several organizations which he funds are directly involved.replysharereport4 likesshould charge him with terrorism and send him to guantanamoreplysharereport3 likesyes, good job! continue repressing them.replysharereport4 likesmothers with children illegally entering us and putting them in the zone of tear gas? come on, what kind of children these mothers will raise?replysharereport9 likes
## 41
deport them and never allow them back in under any circumstances.replysharereport4 likesdon't worry, these people are thousands of miles away and they're all harmless.  that's what obama said.replysharereport5 likesdoes anyone else wonder if they got by with acting like this in their own country?replysharereport6 likesit's like saying you won't let me come into your house so i'm going throw rocks at you and break down your door. who would want anyone who behaves like this in their home or country. no one, that's who.replysharereport10 likesanyone, that thinks you are wrong with this opinion please forward you address to these post as an offer to house, feed and care for these illegal persons. who would t hen be waiting for judgement of staying.  but, beware if they did not appear for trial you are then responsible for their financial being for life.  by the way this is what you are offering  all citizens of us.replysharereport5 likesi don't know why the caravan didn't just go to venezuela. it's a lot closer walk and venezuela has much more socialist/communist advantages than they'll ever get in trump's u.s. until we democrats get full control we won't be able to match the compassion available in the soviet socialist republic of venezuela.replysharereport4 likesgeez the kids are even laughing like this is all a jokereplysharereport3 likesuntil the wall is built and the border(s) secure, for every immigrant or illegal alien that crosses the border 5 democrats are deported.replysharereport6 likesthe congress designed a law to defeat ourselves, the same way it is destroying europe.replysharereport14 likesfinally the gringo's get it,  you can't use pepper spray on latino's,   they  just open their mouths and run faster at it.replysharereport10 likeslol - so true!replysharereport2 likesthe us is blocking the border at tijuana but illegals are still flooding the rest of the border. we need a wall. how much does all this man power cost? a wall is good for a long, long time just look at china. hahareplysharereport21 likeschina's wall doesn't keep people out. and it never kept small groups out, just armies. not to mention it was never completely guarded, ever.replysharereportthe east german wall i was patrolling had a pretty good record of keeping people in. seems to me we could use it to keep people out.replysharereport1 likeand how long was the berlin wall again?replysharereportshow 2 more repliesit seems like just the other day cnn was lecturing the president saying people in the caravan would not ever rush the border...hmmmm now they are rushing the border and attacking border guards.replysharereport35 likescnn still sucks.replysharereport4 likesthe democratic communist claim we need to let the caravan through the border. the way i see it they want them in to pay low wages and be the servants to them and their party, slavery is coming back. they come in the ones that find a job will work for democratic party as slaves $2.00 a day, a place to sleep and free meals all we ask is you vote for democrats for government because if you dont you can't stay.replysharereport17 likesnone of these elite hollywood slobs ever want to sponsor these latinos, they just want them to cut their grass and clean their pools.replysharereport1 likegeraldo rivera, you don't live amongst these people as some of us do.  you don't know what you speak of.   you don't know about the inequities, you live high on the hill.  i have seen too many americans struggle while others, such as these, mosey on in and reap the rewards that they don't deserve.  president trump has said america and americans first; i hope he sticks to his guns.replysharereport37 likesthere's a reason 70 percent plus people are against these types of entries and support what's being done. the other 20-30 percent either hire these people and make illicit money from them, gain political support, or live high on their hills as you said.replysharereport27 likesi've no doubt that mr. rivera is passionate about this, however, where was his passion at 20+-million- illegal-aliens ago!  he has a celebrity platform, what has he done to deserve to jump on his soapbox and denounce what president trump is trying to accomplish.  his arguments on behalf of these people are very annoying.replysharereport15 likesgood job cbp keep up the good work! arrest and deport them problem solved.replysharereport22 likes"us arrests 69 migrants who crossed border illegally, top official says", thats great news. but, lets send them back asap so they dont start consuming more of our resources.replysharereport18 likesarrests. charged with a crime. due process. why is that so hard for you to understand? it is in the constitution according to the supreme court. hire more judges and get 'er done.replysharereport4 likesplease stay calm - the border will be permanently closed soon! problem solved.replysharereport9 likesdreaming again?replysharereport3 likeswhat is your plan?replysharereport1 likei tell you what. if the liberals want them to come across, then let the liberals run in to mexico.or any other country and if you get to live there without going thru the process, then i am with you., but going to many other countries with names you cant pronounce. i am sure i will win the bet. i would start with islamic nations, then africa and end with mexico. good luck.replysharereport7 likesha ha, right!replysharereport2 likesstill working on that ged, i see. i will help you get a passport after and take you with me on my next tour in afghanistan..replysharereportlol, sir i'm agreeing with you, also i've been deployed to iraq / pakistan in 2011 - - - - -please edit your response ; ) - - - - - - - fyi, i too have also  been to many other countries with names you cant pronounce ; )replysharereport4 likesshow 3 more repliesobama done the same thing in 2013, so why isnt he being called out on it?replysharereport6 likesobama used pepper spray not a chemical that is actually banned for military use in just about every country in the world. the gas trump used is known to have fatal side affects.the gas used was (2-chlorobenzalmalononitrile) cs gas is an aerosol compound considered a chemical weapon that has been outlawed on the battlefield by nearly every nation on earth, including the united states. "chemical weapons such as cs gas are indiscriminate and uniquely terrorizing in their application, which necessitated their ban in combat in 1993, said kelsey davenport, director of nonproliferation policy at the washington-based arms control association." (wapo 11/26/2018)replysharereport1 likegood, hopefully they will all die from that gasreplysharereport4 likesleft this out:  "but as a riot-control agent, 2-chlorobenzalmalononitrile is legal to use by both police and federal authorities in the united states and many other countries.and this:  you could actually put it on your nachos and eat it, fox guest says of gas used at the mexican border]replysharereport11 likesshow 2 more repliesheadlines around the world. trump gasses children at the border.replysharereportwhat makes you an expert?replysharereport1 likeread the above and google the article. if you care.replysharereport1 likeof course that is what they see, because they watch msm propagandists cnn. and this is why fake news is a danger to our country.replysharereport3 likes
## 42
thanks jimmy carter...replysharereportget her well and deport her and her kids.  she entered illegally.replysharereport1 likeshe is here and can ask for asylum.replysharereport2 likesthe un will pay the costsreplysharereporti have no doubt she made sure to fall on the correct side, am sure she was taken to a us hospital and treated "free of charge" and i am sure we will be paying for her, her kids, her husband, her parent, her husbands parents, her grandparents, his grandparents, her great-grandparents, his great-grandparents, her sisters, her brothers, his sisters, his brothers, her aunts and uncles, his aunts and uncles, her cousins, his cousins..............did i leave anyone out?????replysharereport3 likesi knew a rod from san diego once, wonder if it was him who impaled the illegal?replysharereport1 likeshow the video!!!!replysharereport1 likei guess she stuck the landing.replysharereport3 likeshow much did that cost us?replysharereport5 likesjalapeo on a stick!!!!replysharereport4 likesput more rods on the wall/fence.replysharereport4 likessee, if we had hollyweird on our side, we could get a few of the fx folks to make a bunch of realistic "heads on pikes" and stick them on the border with a sign stating "last group that tried to enter".replysharereport1 likesome people claim that there is a woman to blame but i know, its all trump's faultreplysharereport4 likesgood job rod!replysharereport5 likesexcept it happened on the wrong side of the border.replysharereport2 likesthought it was about rod stewart doing the nasty...replysharereport1 likeassuming cut/stab survivor costs of $15,000 this one case with le costs will be over $20,000. build that wall.replysharereport3 likesthis is easily solved... don't try to illegally cross into our country by climbing the fence...illegally.... there, done!... wait, did i mention illegally?replysharereport13 likesyes, you are right.  but don't you know?  liberals think "illegal" is a sick bird.  ;)replysharereport2 likes:)replysharereportyou wait, the lawyers are probably lining up to sue the our government for not properly posting hazard signs around the work site, in english and spanish.replysharereport5 likeswow  a honduran shesk kabobreplysharereport4 likesthis is weird. why would she leave her kids behind? try to enter illegally, fall and get impaled, kids are left alone, desperation comes in many forms. she got what she deserved. now send her and her kids back!replysharereport12 likesnice trick. now shes in and surrounded by soros lawyers and the media.replysharereport6 likes"..the woman told agents she was not a part of the migrant caravan heading toward the u.s." but she is as illegal.replysharereport2 likesouch -- that's gonna leave a mark.note to others in the caravan -- don't do that.replysharereport3 likesasylum applicants should be required to undergo voluntary sterilization and gps monitoring before being released in the us pending their hearing.refuse either voluntary sterilization or gps monitoring and they should be required to return to their home to wait for an asylum hearing at the american embassy or consulate nearest their home address in their home country.replysharereport9 likesshe was going to come back over the fence to get her kids, right?replysharereport9 likesi'm sure the liberals will blame trump for separating the woman from her children.trump is a great president but he's not god.replysharereport10 likes"the woman told agents she was not a part of the migrant caravan heading toward the u.s." sure you weren't lady. you just happened to be at the border at the same time 5,000 of your fellow countrymen showed up.replysharereport8 likesnow the democrats will be comparing trump to vlad the impalerreplysharereport7 likeswhat mexican hospital is she in?  it is a mexican one right?replysharereport5 likesmother of the year !replysharereport5 likeswell, that was a terrible idea, wasn't it, lady?replysharereport9 likesgreat parenting- what would have happened to her 2 young children if she made over?replysharereport6 likessame thing that is happening with them nowreplysharereportshould have left her there as a frickin deterrent.replysharereport10 likes
## 43
shut it down and shut down the country until we fund the wall completelyreplysharereportthe tear gas is only temperary dispersement. permanent dispersement is shipping them back or to central of mexico. prefer back and get the country to its foot by building homes or apartment away from the andrea faults and active volcano. and give insentives to better the economy and the raw resources.replysharereportsend an initial 50,000 trooos, call for the state militia to assemble to the border, send the bill to cortezreplysharereport2 likeshell, call in the civilian militia. lots of nice folk like myself would gladly defend our border and way of life.replysharereport3 likesme too and call us minutemanreplysharereport3 likestrump represents only 1/3 of the governing body.  how does he plan to get this past the other 66%?replysharereport" napalm in the morning... smells like victory... "replysharereportwhy not dig a trench about 25' deep, with straight walls, and about 40' wide?  it would cost almost nothing if we used the military to dig and reinforce it.replysharereport4 likesthey can swim itreplysharereport1 likehow will they swim in a trench, without water? you're thinking of a moat.replysharereport2 likesok, walk itreplysharereport1 liketheres a swell video online of a honduran gang leader bragging how theyre going to take over and shoot anyone who gets in their way, the next part is of a bloody gang leader in the hands of one of the cartels, looking a lot less  cocky...replysharereport5 likesrequire e-verify of all business, follow up and prosecute those who continue to hire illegal aliens.  the border river will soon become a trickle, i would imagine.  in tbe short term, close the borders and step up enforcement when the invading hoards become too much for normal procedures.replysharereport9 likesthe "morning rush' are hundreds of workers going to san diego to take jobs and under-cut businesses, increase competition, drive wages down , etc.  not to mention take their earnings back to mexico...and we have 10,000 homeless here.shutting down the border would give a financial boost to so many....""the u.s. government shut down one port of entry, san ysidro, in california, for several hours early monday morning to bolster security amid concerns about a potential influx of migrant caravan members. most of the lanes were reopened before the morning rush.""replysharereport6 likesi hope trump succeeds.replysharereport10 likeswe have a clear view of the san ysidro border day and night from our home in chula vista, ca. we thank god every day for ice, our border patrol and our military for protecting our borders.  even our hispanic neighbors want these illegal migrants to turn around and head home.replysharereport25 likescountries need to take care of their own people first...that means the responsibility is not on the us or even canada, it simply means that there are alot of governments out there that are neglecting their own people and living posh lifestyles off of them! those are the people everyone should be attacking! that is why there is poverty and struggling, you need to look at that specific country's government, stop blaming your own country for the mistakes of another's!replysharereport12 likesif only trump would put the same energy into fighting climate change... which is partly responsible for the deaths of 85 people with hundreds more missing in one area of northern california within a few days... that he does into obsessing over immigration, humanity just might have a chance.  i don't know of any mexican undocumented immigrants who have ever managed that kind of destruction.replysharereport1 likeclimate change = redistribution of wealth = climate change hustlers like you.replysharereport20 likeslike trump, moneys the common denominator for all things.replysharereportif it isn't, stop whining about minimum wage & handout schemes.replysharereportshow 7 more repliesi doubt anyone's naive enough to believe that everyone in these caravans are south americans, or just hard luck, hard working families looking for a safe place to settle with their loved ones.& the last time i was in mexico when i wanted to do anything there, they never failed to let me know i was a guest there & nothing else, spend your american money and leave. and you learn one thing very quick you never talk crap about the host country. weird nobody in the world learns that about the usa- they want to live here, take everything they can-free- and protest until they get morereplysharereport20 likeshe is the only president of the usa who has the balls to do something about these invaders. close the border with mexico and let them take care of the refugees. they let them in, now you deal with them mexico. you will see how it feels to be invaded by people who don't have any money, and all they want is a hand out! looks good on them mexicans. close the border, and guard it. we are behind you mr trump!replysharereport27 likesif the border is closed, how are americans going to get into mexico to buy tequila for christmas presents? how are american goods getting into mexico?replysharereportcontrarary to popular believe the us makes them and better and we make better drinks in the united states.replysharereport7 likesonline....free shipping....replysharereport5 likesbelieve it or not, they don't serve you tequila at their bars and restaurants (tijuana). what they serve slightly smells like it, but is some scary weird cheap stuff not available anywhere else....replysharereport1 likewhy does the border with mexico not count as a border?  the u.s. controls, or tries to control all other immigrants.  i fail to understand why the residents of mexico, or for many other countries cannot stay in their respective countries and demand and work for change in their countries rather than giving up and blood sucking by simply moving to good old uncle sam and much to the regret of wage earners in the u.s. that pay for these programs.  i totally agree, mexico sucks unless you are a dope dealer needing a source.  stop immigration and enforce the long established u.s. laws on legal immigration as they should be enforced regarding any other country.replysharereport9 likesread up on the bracero program.replysharereporthe is the first president in decades to enforce the laws. he didn't make the law, write the law or any such thing. then they cry because he is enforcing laws to stop this vermin.replysharereport18 likeshe's the first president who don't have a clue how to deal with this situation . but i dare him closing the border and see who well real get hurt .replysharereport1 likemy o my....you...dare him....lolreplysharereport8 likesso you failed english 101 as well, we see.replysharereport4 likesshow 1 more repliesamerica is a great country afraid to open it's arms to those in need.  that doesn't speak to greatness.  it speaks to a brittle fear of the other.  we need a realistic approach.  listen to their stories and accept those that truly need shelter.  that is what a great country does.replysharereport1 like90% of the dem base pay zero federal income tax, you have no skin in the gamereplysharereport5 likesname your sources please. that is a ludicrous statement. by the way, i am a conservative, but your statement is baseless.replysharereport1 likei pay more income tax than you do, talon57replysharereport
## 44
low iq= believing taxes will save the worldreplysharereportjust another trumpite...lowlife coward.replysharereport1 likeso many hispanic trump supporters out there.replysharereport1 likeare you daft?  the guy is from portland, oregon.  hes a bloody liberal democrat.  shows your ignorance.replysharereport9 likeshuh?replysharereport1 likehe should have known better then trying to do that in one of them "safe haven" cities on the west coast.... especially in portland!!!replysharereport7 likesit's pretty bad when you can't even pay them extra to do their job. i bet the illegal is still here.replysharereport12 likesits not like mexico where $60 will get you out of jail...replysharereport1 likeand they said the communities wouldn't cooperate...replysharereport2 likesomgamerica is too uptightreplysharereport1 likethis message was deleted.it is not the fault of ice that the parents made stupid choices.replysharereport10 likeshe knew she and the daughter were illegal aliens, that makes him an accessory to a misdominor.  he tried to bribe a federal officer that makes him a felon.  have fun in jail criminal.replysharereport6 likesdirty secret, oj's biggest fans are mostly divorced white men paying alimony.replysharereport1 likegod bless this man.replysharereport2 likesc'mom.  ice should have paid the husband for reporting the wife and her kid were illegals. this is not right.  guess "no good deed goes unpunished" once again.replysharereport6 likesof course every deplorable thinks he's a patriot and should be given a medal of freedom.replysharereportthe deplorable way.replysharereportice guys deport them for free, don't they ?  good man to want to deport an illegal, but if she was so bad, he had to pay for it, geesh, that is a nightmare.replysharereport2 likesits cheaper to keep her nowadays.replysharereporti hope they deported the illegals.replysharereport8 likesnah, they are now just hiding out in cali.replysharereport3 likeswell, he'll be free of his wife now. but not in the way he planned.replysharereport4 likescheaper than divorce?replysharereport2 likesshame you have to offer bribes to get government workers to do their jobs !replysharereport12 likes"on june 6, they arranged to meet in person, during which burgos offered $4,000 to deport his wife and her child. he was arrested on june 29."from the story there was more than enough evidence to take to court, yet wait another 3 weeks to arrest?replysharereport4 likesso, did they deport the illegal?replysharereport18 likesof course!!replysharereport3 likesif an agent refuses your bribe, then calls you back a couple of days later to "talk" more about the bribe.....you are being set-up genius...replysharereport16 likesif you get divorced, then just let them go.  do not act like a vindictive bit**.replysharereport9 likesshe probably wanted support money from him, so the easiest way to squash that is to make her a "no show" at the divorce hearings.replysharereport7 likesno way to know.  but even if true, then this guy should have manned up.  marriage is a gamble.  and when you lose a bet, you pay.replysharereport2 likesthere's a little more detail in the press release. they met in el salvador, so he no doubt sponsored her and her child to immigrate into the us with a k1 visa. it's a sleazy way for him to get out of it, i agree.replysharereport7 likesthis guy is a bonehead.replysharereport5 likesthat was an expensive phone call.replysharereport5 likesunfortunately corrupt obama was no longer in office...replysharereport4 likesseems he swapped a life sentence for a 15 year one!!!  regardless of language, some you just can't stand to live with. now, what ever happened to the ice agent reported as sneaking in illegals earlier? .replysharereport3 likes
## 45
time for the real resistance to begin! go aftter these politicians, judeges, da's and cops who refuse to protect lives due to racist "political correctness"! by any means!replysharereport4 likesseems like when a person reaches a certain threshold of power the only way for them to be held accountable is through a sniper's scope.replysharereporti think it is time the victims family of these crimes sue the officials that made these sanctuary laws and do enforce detainers.replysharereport6 likesi am guessing that there is a good lawsuit here. releasing someone who is not in the us legally is a crime.replysharereport9 likesthe blood is on your hands democrats. you own this tragedy.replysharereport30 likesactually, ice screwed up, they failed to serve a judicial warrant.replysharereport1 likethere was no "screw up". an arrest warrant is not needed for someone that has already been arrested. he was released from the custody of the middlesex county jail after a u.s. immigration and customs enforcement detainer was ignored.ice places detainers on aliens who have been arrested on local criminal charges and for whom ice possesses probable cause to believe that they are removable from the united states, so that ice can take custody of the alien when he or she is released from local custody. when law enforcement agencies fail to honor immigration detainers and release serious criminal offenders, it undermines ices ability to protect public safety and carry out its mission.replysharereport27 likesthe supreme court has emphasized that detaining individuals solely to verify their immigration status would raise constitutional concerns. but that is precisely what ice asks local agencies to do when it issues ice detainers. continuing to detain a person after they are eligible for release, based purely on an ice detainer issued without probable cause that the person is actually deportable, is a clear violation of the fourth amendment.  an ice detainer is not a warrant. a genuine criminal warrant must be issued by a judge and supported by a determination of probable cause. in contrast, ice detainer is issued by an ice officer, not a judge, and is frequently issued simply because ice has initiated an investigation into a persons status. an ice detainer request is just that: a request. there is no legal requirement for a lea (law enforcement agency) to comply. january 2017 - in mercado v. dallas county, 6 multiple plaintiffs sued for being denied bail because of ice detainers and being detained after when they should have been released. the northern district of texas held that dallas could be held liable for unlawful detention, because even if ice detainers claim to be based on probable cause of deportability, that is not probable cause of a crime. the court held that to make an arrest, texas law enforcement agencies must comply with the fourth amendment, which requires probable cause of a criminal offense, not a civil immigration offense.replysharereport2 likesshow 3 more replies2018  in cisneros v. elder, 9, plaintiffs cisnero and rodriguez attempted to post bond from el paso county sheriffs office, but the sheriffs office refused to release them because they were subject to ice detainers.  the district court of colorado, el paso county, determined that colorado law does not grant the sheriffs office authority to hold plaintiffs after they have posted bond, completed their sentences, or otherwise resolved their criminal cases on the basis of an ice detainer or administrative warrant. the court held that an ice detainer or ice administrative warrant does not constitute a warrant under colorado law. in order to make a warrantless arrest in colorado, an officer must have probable cause to believe that a crime was committed, but an ice detainer or administrative warrant does not provide probable cause to believe that a criminal offense was committed. irlc dot org.replysharereport1 likeirlc .... pro immigration group.... doesnt apply here as illegal aliens are not immigrants.... but dont let a little truth stop you.replysharereport4 likesare you one of the 715.000  red card carriers? ..... you know , to protect undocumented/ illegal aliens against  illegal ice raids ???.  ilrc = open borderreplysharereportsounds like fox is going alt-right, yet again.the bottom line is that anyone could have sold her the ammunition she needed to kill those people, but, just this one time, the person happened to be someone with a few blemishes in his documentation....and so that turns into a hate all immigrants article.hopefully we win in 2020, open the borders, and finally get to show americans that not all immigrants are killers - some are actually fairly honest people.  that will teach them a lesson.replysharereport1 liketeach who what lesson?less teenage angst, more logic.replysharereport6 likesif you and others like you "win", your open borders would destroy this nation and result in irreparable harm to the people who built this nation. it only takes a few--homicidal, drug-dealing, cartel-owned  and criminal-culture based ppl. and if you're old enough to have children, how would you feel if one illegal alien brought back a childhood disease, eradicated in the u.s. but not in third-world countries, and that disease harmed or killed your child? you'd want the borders closed then-but it'd be too late.replysharereport13 likesenter legally no problem the rest can rot!replysharereport8 likesshow 4 more repliesshe has the perfect last name.replysharereport1 likethese foreign invaders are the 'new democrats' who intend on overthrowing the united states.replysharereport18 likeshilarious ...replysharereportand yet more agree with him than you hilariousreplysharereport2 likes"a murder committed by an illegal alien is a murder that didn't have to happen."replysharereport7 likesnancy and ocasio-cortez supporters from joeysey?replysharereport10 likesbig girl and johnny dep.replysharereport3 likesbring the chief of police of middlesex county up on accessory to murder charges.replysharereport30 likesadd the mayor and anybody on the city council who voted for sanctuary status.replysharereport30 likesi'm heart -broken over what middlesex county nj, has turned into..it wasn't that way when we were growing up in 1950-60-70-80's. our ancestors from italy/newark are hanging their heads in shame & disgust & turning in their graves in heaven ..so sad :(replysharereport21 likesthis message was deleted.agreed. can you agree that if the illegals werent here, then focusing on our home grown drug addicts would be cheaper and more effective? seriously. at some point stuck up for the countrys rule of law.replysharereport19 likeshow dare you go and bring logic into thisreplysharereport9 likes"ice was advised on dec. 14, 2017 that the county would not be honoring a detainer request made that same day because perez had not previously been convicted of a first- or second-degree crime," middlesex county officials previously said in a statement."luis perez then remained in custody for an additional 51 days where ice took no action whatsoever, even though they had every right and ability to do so and request an order of deportation from a federal judge," the statement read. "this order would have authorized middlesex county to turn over custody of mr. perez prior to, or upon completion of his sentence. instead ice officials chose to do nothing, which places all responsibility of mr. perezs actions squarely upon ice."replysharereport2 likesandres robles gonzalez became a citizen when his father was naturalized in 2002. in 2008, gonzalez was deported to mexico and was not permitted to return to the united states until 2011. the federal government paid $350,000 in reparations.  this is just one of the thousands of mistaken deportations of us citizens that ice has committed, the cost is enormous.replysharereport3 likesplease relocate to antarctica oxioxi - or if it's too cold for you there maybe iran would welcome you with open armsreplysharereport10 likesnot true but lets say that it is ,... why dont yiu talk about the criminals  they catch ? and or the crimes committed by illegals?....... crickets.... fact is , you want ice eliminated as well as any obstacles to illegal aliens.. just say it.replysharereport12 likesname 5 more of the thousands.replysharereportshow 2 more repliesjust show you that there are illegals criminals also . just like here .replysharereport4 likesafter more than two years of litigation, the u.s. government has agreed to settle a lawsuit filed by leonel ruiz on behalf of his minor daughter, alleging that in 2011, u.s. customs and border protection (cbp) and ice detained and deported his then 4-year-old u.s. citizen daughter.after her deportation, the childs father hired a local attorney to fly to guatemala to retrieve her. once home, three weeks later, she was diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder by a child psychologist, who concluded that this was a result of her detention and her separation from her parents. the lawsuit, filed under the federal tort claims act (ftca), sought damages for the harm she suffered as a result of this ordeal. in june, the government agreed to pay her family $32,500 in order to settle the case.replysharereport2 likesobama should pay that settlement.replysharereport11 likesi guess im supposed to have sympathy and pity over this tragic incident.  but i dont.replysharereport4 likeswell, you might want to reconsider that because there is a case on the way to the supreme court on the very same issue. this one seeks 3.5 billion on behalf of the 12,000 or so that ice mistakenly deported, (a class action suit) one will dent your future tax bills.replysharereport2 likesshow 6 more replieslots of laws now protect the criminals, not the victims. libbies want it that way, so now it is.replysharereport14 likesdude looks like he banged a kartrashian.replysharereport2 likes
## 46
but the question is- will the "mexican nationals" be deported, or allowed to stay as if they were some type of "victims" of a crime???replysharereport1 likea "s" visa for those who give evidence in a crime unless they are disqualifiedreplysharereporthe's only smuggling his relatives in.replysharereporttraitor!replysharereport2 likesthats right lets get them in lolreplysharereport1 likehe's a disgrace to the army and to america...dishonorable discharge and prison time...next.replysharereport11 likescourt martial and firing squad.  or a hangman.replysharereportguardsmen willing to take $12,000.00-$14,000.00 of drug money to smuggle drug runners into the country.this is why america must build the wall........period.replysharereport12 likesi question where the $6,000-$7,000 these migrants are willing to pay come from.  this is not the first time we have seen reports of this amount of money be paid to come to the u.s.  if they afford this type of payment living can't be "all that horrible" in their countries.replysharereport8 likesthey do not have the cash.  they end up as somebody's indentured servant (slave) until the entry fee is paid.replysharereport2 likesyou have a source for your info???replysharereportwell there was that woman in ny whose owners locked her in a closet at night... but that ny, and its do as we say, not as we do down there.replysharereportshow 1 more replies(a california national guardsman was arrested earlier this month for allegedly smuggling migrants into the united states for money.private first class (edward jair acosta-avila) was pulled over in san diego, about two miles from the u.s.-mexico border,)kalifornia' is a national disgrace rotting from the inside out with democrat corruption & that liberal filled sewer called hollywood..!replysharereport16 likesfollow the money trail...replysharereport6 likesdummy - way to screw up for life.replysharereport8 likesblanket party anyone?replysharereport4 likesmy pillowcase isn't big enough to contain the number of soap bars i'd like to beat him with...replysharereportsoon he'll be fetching for bubba soap bars from shower floor.replysharereportfry the tratoirreplysharereport4 likesyou must be a french man. judging from your spelling.replysharereport4 likesinflammatory headline.replysharereport1 likehow so ?replysharereport3 likesis it not true??? may be you prefer posting your opinion on cnn???replysharereport2 likesany relation to jim?replysharereport2 likes8 u.s. code 1324 ........... of course this law applies to those cement heads in kaliforniastan and those other "left coast" bastions of liberal socialism. can't wait for the new attorney general to start laying waste to jug head jerry brown's utopia and those cement heads in oregon and washington state.replysharereport16 likeswouldn't it be nice if the new attorney general arrested every judge on the 9th "circus" court for "aiding and abetting..."replysharereport34 likesoh please do it.replysharereport3 likesacosta - avilla!  what a shock.replysharereport6 likesthey will probably allow him to keep helping illegal aliens until his trial date.replysharereport5 likeswonder how much he has made with this side job? i'm sure this wasn't his first time.replysharereport13 likeshe is probably working for the democrats in california.replysharereport1 likesplan it lucy !replysharereportwell, send him straight to the russian front!replysharereport6 likesif the military (isolated case) is human trafficking for cash then i would speculate that mega dollars are involved and the smuggling is done in much more elaborate and successful ways than these two dummies attempted. go figure. bottom line...thank you mr. obama and a very special thanks to the current us congress as well as to the leaders of sanctuary environs. you have done well in your continuous attempts at ruination of our nation.replysharereport26 likesof course the headline mentions his guard status because they have one goal which is to discredit anything related to main-taining our national sovereignty. they count on people jumping to conclu-sions without reading the article.replysharereport3 likesthis message was deleted.illegal alien....is correctreplysharereport32 likesillegal alien invader....replysharereport17 likes
## 47
remember your ruined holidays when you vote.replyshare6 likeshuh??????????????replysharedude, come on. critical thinking. reread, and think about it it's a single sentence.he is saying if sgt johnson's mom is upset her baby boy won't be home for xmas and thanksgiving to remember their votes for this. your superior critical thinking in action again. amirite?replysharedave in your haste to show how much off a bigot you are, the post could have been a lot clearer.  and yes, when people try to bully me by saying that i am stupid or they act like they are superior, i will defend myself.i sense that you wouldn't do that.  amirite?replysharethe money being wasted on this stunt could house thousands of vets for a year.replyshare6 likesconservatives only care about wasting money when democrats are in control.replyshare4 likesliberals only care about vets when they criticize republicans.replyshare2 likesas a vet of the u.s. army & navy i say you are wrong!but if you can prove otherwise please do,show your work please.replyshare4 likesshow 5 more repliesthe brown toddlers are coming! the brown toddlers are coming!replyshare5 likesif so, they make up less than 5% of the mob.replysharethe soldiers are clearly just doing busy work.  putting barb wire on a 100 yd of fence when that fence is 2,000 miles long is ridiculous.   i guess it's impossible to get wire cutters in mexico.replyshare5 likesgood point.  we need a wall.replysharefor what exactly ? illegal immigration has been on the decline for yeas and is prohibitively expense. oh and our bridges are in need of repair while we're talking about infrastructure .replysharegood point.  our infrastructure is crumbling.  i thought obama was going to take care of that with his shovel ready projects.  another failed promise of the obama administration.  what is your source?  i'd like to educate myself.replysharechristmas in a tent, thanks to c.i.c. i have to wonder how many of those 4,000 will still support him?replyshare4 likesthats right screw over the troops for a stunt he loves the militaryreplyshare1 likehow are they being screwed over?  they are doing their job and protecting the border.replysharethey dont need to be there political stunt they should be with their families for the holidaysreplyshare1 likeyou do realize that when you join the military you belong  to them?  there are military people all over the globe that won't be home for the holidays.  it goes with the job.replysharesounds like a witch hunt.replyshare1 likeno the illegals are real, you can see them on the news.replyshare4 likesall ive seen is a group of people legally seeking asylum under us and international law and an attempt to turn them into criminals by creating an artificial bottleneck for applying. maybe you should change the channel away from tucker carlson and laura ingraham.replyshare7 likesi saw people breaching a fence and throwing rocks and chunks of concrete at our border patrol agents.replyshare2 likesshow 3 more repliestrump said publicly, three border agents were seriously injured in the attempt. unfortunately there was no one available in real time to tell the public that this was another trump lie. that's the best tactic, smoother trump's lies with truth, don't let them breath and breed for a second.replyshare1 likeyou mean like the lying hp?  the one that is trying to scare it's readers?  the border patrol and ice are essential personnel.  they will not stop working if there is a government shutdown.  ever wonder what else hp lies to you about?replysharesomebody in the razor wire business making a killing. just more of the decades old republican shtick of exacerbating problems and then claiming to have the solutions.replyshare1 likeremember the caravan that arrived last feb.? according to dhs, 2,000 of the migrants still haven't been processed. why not put more immigration lawyers on the border to handle the workload?replyshare1 likewhat's your solution to the people who cross the border with false claims of "asylum" (94% are illegitimate), and then skipping their court dates to live here illegally? are you ok with that?replyshare1 likeof course not; i'm just asking why not put more immigration lawyers on the border to handle the workload? btw, where did you get the 94% figure? omeland security secretary kirstjen nielsen says that "the way the system works right now the threshold under law is so low that about 80%  pass that initial interview, but only 20% are granted asylum by a judge."replyshare2 likesi heard a statistic that 6% were granted asylum, but of course that figure could be off. thank you for the correction.replyshareshow 1 more repliesa static border position is not a good tactic. to protect the troops, mattis has to make incursions into the enemy's camps across the border. this should be accompanied by tactical air support.replyshare1 likemaybe even a tactical nuke would help./satirereplysharethou shalt not kill or oppress.replysharei think the  usa is good to  go then.replysharetrump administration to keep about 4,000 troops at border through januaryfixed .replyshareso now its just 71.43% as shameful and ridiculous as it was.replysharehow much is this political stunt costing us?if you want to know ow stupid this is ask the people of columbus new mexico. the town who suffered the raid from pancho villa that the trump administration is using to justify this nonsense.replysharemerry christmas! enjoy your political theater deployment! who knows you may get a shiny new massacre! instead of wounded knee you could call it bone spurs!replysharetrump's executive order, actually kell's order, giving the troops authority to detain people is a clear violation of the posse commitus act.trump and company seem intent on breaking as many laws as possible in their quest for autocracy.come on trump supporters. lets hear the justification for a very very serious violation of the law.replysharei would think that if it were illegal there would be some state or person filing a lawsuit.  that's how the left like to govern.  by using the judiciary to legislate.  so, if it is illegal then it needs to stop.  since no one has been arrested by the military to date, your point is pretty much moot.replyshare
## 48
strange that happened in florida.replyshare26 likesso was he supposed to idly endure her biological attacks?replyshare6 likesthat you would call a natural, biological function an "attack" speaks volumes about your approximation to reality.replyshare3 likesreally? and the knife?replyshareshow 4 more replieswilson was arrested and charged with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon without intent to kill.was she not charged for wielding the knife?replyshare13 likeswithout intent to kill? she pulled out a knife for gods sakes. if she didnt have any intent at all it would be with her fists... not producing a weaponreplyshare"florida woman pulled knife on man who complained about her farts"yeah, i'm pretty sure that headline is a first for me.replyshare12 likesa funny headline this year was a florida man climbed a stoplight post to crap on cars.replysharethat stinksreplyshare10 likesle skunk de phew!replysharewhats rudy up to these days?  he has a good track record of defending crazy clients.replyshare7 likesprobably busy under trump's desk in the oval office... if you get what i mean.replyshare6 likesgot it, loud and clear!replyshare1 likeyou people have to bring trump into everything, don't you? it's a deranged compulsion or something for you lefties.replyshare2 likesshow 18 more repliesso she had no intent to kill, according to the charges.query: how does one gut someone or something without killing it?replyshare3 likeswouldn't gutting someone out be an intent to kill?replyshare3 likesweird. people with teardrop face tattoos are normally so polite.replyshare2 likesmaybe it just popped out and she couldn't control it.  not like she was aiming the fart at him on purpose.  sometimes you're on the bridge when it collapses.  he was on the bridge.replyshare2 likesit's not against the law to cut the cheese .... it is against the law to cut the supermarket customer!replyshare2 likesflorida farts are the worst kind of farts.replyshare1 likeflorida, florida, florida.replyshare1 likeflor-i- duh!replyshare2 likesnow, you see what we deal with down here.replyshare1 likestay strong!replyshare1 likeshow 1 more repliesif money is speech, so are farts.replyshare1 likeremind me why we're trying to save florida from global warming.replyshare1 likeall the methane release.replyshare1 likeshe was silent but deadly (with that knife).replyshare1 likeagain, florida.replysharenot sure what is proper etiquette and how to respond when a stranger farts next to you in a public area. do you complain? do you move away? what about when someone farts in an elevator and stink up the joint?replyshareshe loves her farts.replyshareshe was just having a blast.replyshare1 likeis she still farting?replysharesome people just love spending time in prison.replyshareagain...florida replysharevery lady-like shanetta. guess you weren't entirely clear on the phrase cutting the cheese?  btw: stay awesome florida!replyshareshe shut him up about it real fast...  how  long did he complain? ... over and over.  people of color need more gun licences to practice that 2nd amendment right they got.replyshareby god, please tell me that was sarcasm. this animal breathing is bad enough. her with a gun is complete lunacy.replysharenot her. but all people of color who can legally get one. should.  only then will they regulate.replyshare1 likefor anyone who thinks this is a new idea, please read up on the mulford act, where open carry was abolished in california as a response to black panther members doing armed neighborhood watches.replyshare
## 49
totally agree with marc. if you're for human rights then it shouldn't matter if you're jewish or palestinian.  do unto others as you would have them do unto you.replyshare486 likesthis message was deleted.racism?  like shooting to kill palestinian children?  that kind of racism, the genocidal kind israel's war criminals practice?replyshare212 likesthis message was deleted.this message was deleted.this message was deleted.this message was deleted.since when are israelis white?replyshare50 likesthey are not? then what are 'they'?replyshare11 likesshow 166 more repliesi had expected better from cnn.  this is a bad mistake and damages their reputation significantly.replyshare331 likeshe must have hurt wolf's feelings.replyshare96 likesblitzer is a former aipac lobbyist. you know he had something to do with this! shame on cnn! the one thing i agree on with trumpty dumpty..cnn sucks!replyshare126 likesexcept that trump thinks cnn sucks because they criticize his terrible personal profit first policies.  in this case, cnn sucks for bowing the lobbyists and israeli propagandists.replyshare79 likesshow 15 more replieswhat he said was not antisemitic any more than kneeling in silent protest being anti-veteran.the ppl at cnn support the occupation (as seen by the one sided coverage and commentary), and that's why they canned him.this is not rocket science.done with cnn: love jewish ppl but don't believe in settlements/occupation/apartheid.replyshare225 likesproviding even tacit support for palestinian violence is anti-semitic.  calling for justice from the "river to the sea" is a dog whistle to palestinians.btw, when you choose to protest by kneeling during the national anthem you are being unpatriotic and showing a disdain for veterans who have given their lives for our country and protect it every day.replyshare22 likesmany veterans completely disagrees with you.  in fact the person who advised kaepernick to silently kneel is a veteran.  why do you put the physical symbol above what it symbolizes?replyshare147 likesthank you! they care more about a piece of fabric than they do justice, equal rights, respect and love for your fellow man. pathetic.replyshare78 likesshow 135 more repliesok, i'm done with cnn.replyshare102 likessame.  i'm done.replyshare41 likesit's a trifecta !replyshare25 likesjust deleted cnn from my bookmarks barreplyshare35 likesshow 10 more replieswhen you ignore international law and the basic humanity of others, people with sensibility will call it out. israel literally has no excuse other than, 'if you single us out it's because antisemitism'.but ppl always call out bigotry, black lives matter does in the us, ppl protesting china's authoritarian regime do, republicans calling out russia* etc.so now there's no room to denounce the apartheid-like policies of the israeli occupation without being antisemitic? ...see morereplyshare66 likeshe didn't denounce anything. he called for palestinians to turn to terrorism, and murder innocent jews in israel, as a means of furthering their political agenda: here: contrary to western mythology, black resistance to american apartheid did not come purely through gandi and nonviolence, said hill. if we are to operate in true solidarity with the palestinian people, we must allow the palestinian people the same range of opportunity and political possibility. if we are standing in solidarity with the palestinian people, we must recognize the right of an occupied people to defend itself. we must prioritize peace, but we must not romanticize or fetishize it. we must advocate and promote nonviolence at every opportunity, but we cannot endorse a narrow politics of respectability that shames palestinians for resisting, for refusing to do nothing in the face of state violence and ethnic cleansing, he added. hill concluded his remarks by calling for a free palestine, from the river to the sea.replyshare13 likesthere are no innocent jews regarding the palestinian situation unless there are actively protesting the mass incarceration of a nation of people.replyshare20 likesso every jew has to denounce israel in order for you to consider them innocent? sounds like the gop's assessment of black people - they just love clarence thomas and ben carson. and you're every bit as racist as they are.replyshare6 likesshow 9 more replieswhining for justice and equality for 2,000 years, as soon as they get their own country they adopt an apartheid. just saying.replyshare68 likesactually that is not true. jews, and i am one, have been persecuted and killed yes. for centuries. they never asked for equality as you note. fact...the inquisition, conversion by the sword, the expulsions, limitations on where one can live or work, the pogroms, protocols of zion culminating with the extermination of 6 million or more people.replyshare24 likesyou response does nothing to defend israel putting up walls and practically imprisoning a people. it's pathetic that they learned nothing from how they were treated through out history.replyshare95 likesthis message was deleted.this message was deleted.this message was deleted.the palestinians were there long before a bunch of europeans with questionable ties to israel stole, and killed for that patch of land!replyshare50 likesshow 71 more repliescnn is a joke. for all of the drama of jim acosta and his first amendment battle with the trump regime, they will turn around and fire anyone that conflicts with their gaslighting agenda. how else can you explain santorum or the other nazi sympathizing trump goons that cnn regularly features as guest panelists.replyshare43 likesso santorum and lewandowski are fine to spew their craziness but hill gets sacked?replyshare25 likeswhat "gaslighting" agenda?replyshareur letting some random anti-zionist opinion post make you hate jews.dude stahp.replyshareshow 1 more repliesdidn't we already have this dynamic opposing the apartheid regime of south africa? interesting how it was the israeli government which continued it's support of the racist apartheid south african regime while most nations divested their interests forcing the rule of equality and democracy to be established in south africa.replyshare35 likespeople don't want to engage on that topic. too uncomfortable.replyshare3 likesisrael was south africa's only friend in the apartheid days. wonder why.replyshare6 likesbecause the israeli government had consistently demonstrated that it believes tyranny equals security.replyshare2 likesreligion poisons everythingreplyshare27 likesno, just people!replyshare2 likesa very misleading headline.  actually, he didn't just call for "equal rights."  he called for a "free palestine from the river to the sea."  this is a slogan that began with the plo several years before israel even had any control over the currently disputed territories, and was meant to reject the very existence of israel and any jewish national home.  it later became a popular slogan among those who reject any compromise with israel - including the terror group hamas, which calls for the destruction of israel.unfortunately, he also suggested that palestinians have a right to use violence against civilians to achieve their aims.replyshare32 likesyou must be delusional. the idf just shot palestinians today again over settlers stealing land again in palestine. try reading haaretz .replyshare27 likesplease do not resort to insults.  that's not helpful.  and please read what i said.  his remarks were understood as calling for the destruction of israel and condoning violence against civilians.  that is why he was fired.replyshare16 likesyou must know what happened again today. that is not an insult to remind you of it. and it is israel who are eliminating all of palestine and appropriating it for themselves. ifamericansknew, you will see the amount of dead palestine has, versus the amount of israelis, the facts are that palestine has not the means to hurt anyone, and israel does and has, as was demonstrated again just today. those settlers who harm palestinians what do you call them ? and when they steal land, destroy crops and trees, and then the idf comes and shoots palestinians what do you call that  ? justice ?replyshare39 likes
## 5
how is the corrupt official facing just half the time of the person paying him bribes?scum...seriously. the quotes here are new to the times' coverage, and they are disgusting.
## 50
all the times over the years that i've let it be known that i was born in florida.....i lied.replyshare16 likesi left at 13. best move  ever made. cost me decades of therapy but hey... i'm not that.replyshare2 likesim sure living in a state cost you decades of therapy....sounds about right.replyshareha!  luckily for me, my parents moved away from fl when i was only 2-years-old. i do, however, head down there every  year or so to visit family.replyshare1 likeshow 5 more repliesflorida...again.replyshare11 likesi really wish i hadnt read this. jeezus.replyshare5 likes... so amanda's mom said that he tried  to attack them.. to argue her daughter's innocence..yet forensics show otherwise.and it brings up the question as to why her daughter and her daughter bf brought a sword to begin with.i say the mother needs to be jailed aswell for falsified statements and condoning this attempted murder.replyshare3 likesheh heh..still trying to save the world!!! you would look into the pit of hell and try to stamp out a clump of flaming grass at it's edge. the message from florida is always "run!!!! save yourselves!!!"replysharea bit ridiculous, don't you think? mom was just repeating the story her dau  told her.  obvi, dau was concocting an alibi.replyshareshow 1 more repliesdamn!  "people saw him come out of the house naked, with his exposed intestine." - what possible defense can you have? he lost his clothes while attacking her? where exactly was the boyfriend?replyshare5 likesthey are so stupid there in fla. it really is shocking. it's got to be something in the water.replyshare3 likesthat was my question as well , i mean for sure clothes can fly off at a frenzying pace , but  doing  so it usually for a couple of  good reasons , not while being gutted . who is asked  while under attack " wait , i'm taking my pants off , then ,come at me " .   not in my mind would that ever be logical thinkingreplyshare1 likeand of course it happens in a red state.  sad.replyshare5 likessounds as if he has a good chance of survival...strong person!!! good luck!as for the two creatures, there is no adequate punishment and death in prison by inmates is too easy, but on thing for sure, they should never see the light of day again!!!replyshare3 likeswell, of course it was florida.replyshare2 likesalmost every time i hear some crazy story like this, florida.replyshare2 likesif ramsey survives his injuries, he'll get full custody of the kids since his ex has proven she's bat **** crazy. oh and she'll be in jail too.  i hope the dude pulls through.replyshare1 likethe real crime would have been adding the stuffing before removing the giblets.replyshare1 likewhen amanda and her boyfriend were asked why they cut open her husband's stomach on thanksgiving, they said, "we wanted some stuffing".replyshare1 likeflorida, again.  maybe andrew gillum dodged a bullet...replyshare1 likeflorida...replysharefloridareplyshareflorida again. glad i live in a normal neighborhood . you put up with trump supporters in exchange for waterfront property.replyshareflorida...................................again.replyshareit's a good thing that we're not relying upon donald trump and mike pompeo to prosecute.replyshareimagine the nightmares this guy is going to have after seeing his intestines hanging outside his body. i hope he pulls through.  i say burn the cheating wife at the stake.
## 51
he actually means everyone else's boys should be trained to rush shooters!his own grandchildren... not so much.replyshare59 likesits a good idea. start the training with the trump boys and the sons of supporting evangelicals.replyshare36 likeshis grandchildren are likely the shooters.replyshare16 likesnot a single mass shooter has been a member of the nra.  they are more likely to be left winged social justice warriors.replyshareshow 22 more replieswhy just the boys? why not the girls? i have three daughters. are they just supposed to sit around like sacrificial lambs waiting to be slaughtered by a bad guy with gun, or rescued by a  good guy with a gun both in a haze of toxic masculinity? i dont think so! when you hear that phrase, this is exactly the kind of hyper masculine stupidity they are talking about. instead of training our boys to be heros lets start teaching conflict management in schools and police academies across the country, and support some reasonable gun control legislation! this nratv nonsense makes my blood boil!replyshare47 likesi have a better idea. how about we start making guns harder to get.replyshare21 likeshow about you tell us how? the recent mass shooters all passed backround checks and had legal weapons.replyshareand had guns and multiple rounds of ammunition.  so to answer your question, ban them.. see japan, great britain, australia, canada........replyshare13 likesshow 20 more replieshow about training people to not use guns to settle arguments!!!!  duh..  yeah,, your son goes first.replyshare27 likesthat works great with psychotics!replyshare1 likeyou just keep advocating for tougher guns laws. yes, lets make it harder for people with a mental illness to obtain any form of firearm. good to see you coming around genius.replyshare4 likesahhh, a fellow mensan replies! glad you've recognized my genius. let's see, hmmm. only a tiny fraction of the mentally ill initiate violence. so, should your aunt milly who is under treatment for mild depression be denied a gun for self defense? should those with social phobia? how about under treatment for mild anxiety?  since psychiatrists can't yet predict who will turn homicidal, whether or not they are mentally ill, how do we make a determination as to who gets guns?the standard now is if a person has been incarcerated against their will due to being a danger to themselves or others. is this good enough? ...see morereplyshareshow 2 more repliesthat's exactly what the boys did 100 years ago in europe.most of them died........it was a terrible plan then...and it's even worse now.the nra, distorted religion, and trump nepotism....see morereplyshare22 likesthe nra is just like the president ,,,,,,more interested in money and their own desires than lives lostreplyshare8 likesthat's rabid nationalism for you.  it wasn't just what german boys were indoctrinated to do from school age on, but also the japanese.hey, while we're at it, let's also start feeding them amphetamines as were the german &  japanese troops to keep them hopped up & pliable. /sreplyshare4 likesi don't even know how too respond to this level of stupid.replyshare17 likesdoes anyone on the political right understand that children are, well, children.   parents and government should be protecting children.  children should not be psychologically traumatized as a matter of policy. ugh.  between this, the continued refusal to do anything about mass shootings, the reprehensible abuse of police officers in schools, the separating of children at the border and most recently the tear gas, i'm beginning to think that the political right is engaging in a slow form of genocide on the next generation of children.replyshare13 likesmainly brown chidren.replyshare3 likeswhen caucasian children's parents bum rush the border fence in mexico, they'll all be gassed, too. equal opportunity gassing.replysharenice compassion. it's unfortunate you can't put yourself in their shoes. i blame your parents. epic fail.replyshare5 likesshow 2 more repliessays the freak who'd be pushing everyone away to run to safety.replyshare13 likes1st out the fire exit. knocking over little kids to get away.replyshare3 likeswhat a bunch of mouth breathing knuckle dragging losers.replyshare12 likesyou're right. kids today don't have the guts to charge a shooter; i agree.replyshareyou're a hilarious keyboard warrior.  hey, i think i hear your mom calling from upstairs. your peanut butter and marshmallow sandwich is ready.  cut into little triangles, just the way you like them.replyshare4 likesjust a 'nam infantry vet, candy-ass. and my  mom's dead.replysharewell chuck, you and your nra conspirators go right ahead and train your boys to run toward the gun. hey i give you permission to use run toward the gun!  as your slogan. meanwhile sane, competent parents will use common sense to train their kids on how to survive mass shootings. and we will continue to fight for a ban on the sale of assault rifles!replyshare11 likesnothing like banning something when their already 10 million on the street. and you're gonna 'train" yiur kids how not to get shot? how would that be? let them take pistols to school in their lunch boxes?replyshareyou just gonna have a tantrum about the idea of folks not wanting children doing para-military training? someone's triggered.replyshare5 likesno, they should be trained to add steel plates to all their classroom doors as a shop project. that way, doors can be locked in a shooting event and can't be shot open. ditto for the main school entrances. and add an armed trained cops at every entrance.increase your property taxes to pay for all this until the current "fad" of shooting up schools declines.replysharehey chuck, come to my classroom, tell the students what to do.  also take a the, "how to stop bleeding" workshop with your co-workers. anytime chuck.replyshare11 likesjust like their hero, trump - who said he'd run into a school..... if he had been there.  kind of like the time he ran to join the army when his number came up, but couldn't because he had um, , , , "bone spurs".  instead, someone else got to go and serve in his place.replyshare11 likes. . .and die.replyshare4 likesmy uncle! a great and kind man.replyshare1 likeat least he got to stay on his basketball team!replyshare5 likesshow 1 more repliesthis message was deleted.hatchets work better.replyshare
## 52
agreed that the puck to his head did some (long term) damage....replyshare5 likeshahaha x million... and this is my alma mater. sighreplyshare2 likesyeah - all those people in classrooms are going to stand up and throw hockey pucks, and hope they aren't one of the unlucky ones that the shooter blindly points at.  get real.replyshare5 likesor better yet. tell the shooter as he or she enters the room. wait please, i need to retrieve our bucket of rocks from the locked closet so we can throw at you and distract you.replyshare4 likeshatchets, at a minimum.replyshare2 likeswhat the puck?replyshare2 likesi thought all the smart people lived in florida.replyshare1 likebring hockey pucks to a gunfight.  how do progressives survive childhood?replyshareit's probably just a roundabout way of trying to bring in more guns at schools. first they suggest something inept, like pucks, and when of course it does nothing, they can say they tried, but all they have left to do is arm teachers more often.replyshareinstructing unarmed people to stand and fight shooter(s) has got to be one of the stupidest ideas  that has yet been proposed as a policy to handle these horrible daily events.  the only dumber idea is, of course, the nra's theory that a bucket full of loaded guns should be placed in all common areas of a school on the theory that creating hundreds of extra school shootings might cut down on the dozens of current school shootings despite the ample evidence that gun owners and armed guards haven't stopped, or even reduced the carnage of, a single gun massacre to date...replyshare1 likeare these examples of the people that are supposed to be making our children more intelligent? we are doomed as a species.replysharei am sure most of the these snowflakes have an arm like jello anyways. chances high a rock or puck would never reach the distance to the target.replyshare2 likeshave you ever noticed that the snowflakes always seem like they're throwing left handed?  why are they all so uncoordinated?replysharewho are the snowflakes? people who dont want to get shot at school?replyshare3 likespeople who suggest bringing hockey pucks to a gunfight.replyshareterrible idea.  they might miss and hurt a bystander.  best bet is to drop, curl into a fetal position and await ur fate.replysharefinally, after years of trashing the nra, we can go after the nhl. what's next, bring hockey sticks to class? or goalie pads?replyshareand he will huff and he will puff and he will blow the house downreplyshare
## 53
this seems in bad taste, just now, and i hate to mention it, but it seems necessary for someone to point out that the 'good guys with a gun' haven't been doing very well against the 'bad guys with a gun.' perhaps that idea's flawed, and should be abandoned.replyshare28 likesconsidering that the one good guy at a chicago club was murdered by law enforcement while clearly doing his job id have to agree.replyshare16 likesthe idea is flawed regardless because it ignores what happens before 'good gun' meets 'bad gun'. so it's always going to be 'good gun' stopped 'bad gun' after x amount of victims had been killed by it... the maths never makes it up.replyshare5 likesyes, but, it is, after all, their fantasy and in it the 'good guy' will always be on the scene to catch and stop the 'bad guy' as soon as the gun comes out and before anyone is hurt. that's the nice thing about fantasies.replyshare1 likeshow 2 more repliesour so called leader attacking the integrity of an honorable member of the military (who happened to be part of the team who killed obama bin laden) and yet another senseless shooting - this time at a chicago hospital. just another typical week in this nation. and its only monday!replyshare14 likessenseless?  are there shootings that make sense?replysharepeople won't answer that because they don't want the cops to knock on their front door at 4am.replyshare1 likenonereplyshareis this another example of a law abiding responsible citizen with a gun.  or another example of why some people should not own or have access to a gun?replyshare7 likeskind of obvious that about 39% of the country should be evaluated to determine if they have the mental stability to own a firearm.replyshare3 likesnote the limited response by politicians now that "thoughts and prayers" are no longer adequate.replyshare5 likessome macho men will not take rejection. their pride and manhood comes first.replyshare5 likesmales, not men. a man does not do these things.replyshare6 likeshow tragicpeople going about their daily lives and needlessly  die. getting off an elevator???i can understand why police officers have trepidation in responding to domestic situations ( as this started out). emotions are running high, anything can happen, can turn deadly within seconds.and, could happen anywherereplyshare3 likesstrict national gun control laws work in every other modern industrialized countries and it can work in the us as well.  we know this is true because states with stricter gun control laws have less shootings.replyshare2 likeschicago has had some of the strictest gun control laws in the country, and yet they seem to have so many shootings. what makes liberals think making more gun laws would work?replyshare1 likewhat makes regressives so sure that it wouldn't?replyshare3 likeswell like i said chicago has some of the strictest gun laws already and they dont seem to be working again what makes you think more gun laws would work?replyshare1 likeshow 11 more repliesand yet another example of a mass shooter with a history of domestic violence.replyshare2 likeswhat are guns for? to kill!replyshare1 likegood guy with gun concept has flaws.replyshare1 likeno condolences from the potus on twitter because "lives don't matter" the only thing that matters in this administration is himself.replyshare1 likeamerica and her guns, again! replyshareyet again i will opine my "extreme position," and with less and less apology and justification as we (the nation & people) continue to die on the wrong end of a gun:  no more guns...eliminate them all, and make them illegal except for the armed forces.replyshareof course in america, everyone should not have a gun, but......replysharei guess the cure for this outrageous act on innocents is to have doctors and nurses carry guns instead of stethoscopes.replysharerahm, how is that gun control working for you?replysharethey didn't even release the killers name. juan lopez. everyone else released it.replyshare2 likesok? what's your point...it's obvious, but you explainreplysharefilling in the holes that were missed in the story. the shooter is a big one.replysharefinally huffpost is acknowledging that this happened ... many hours after the fact. better late than never, i guess.replyshare2 likessharon bakula, the shooting occurred at nearly 4pm.  the article was published at 9... that's about the right time for the reporters to get all of the relevant information and verify the accuracy.  what exactly did you expect?  a simple headline with situation developing comment?replyshare9 likesglass fully empty kinda person, aren't you? must be a riot to be around....replysharehow about the dozens of other shootings in the chicago area that happen on a week in - week out basis that you and other media sites fail to report on?  to chicagoans this is probably just another day.replyshare1 likethey have gun violence in chicago on a regular basis, but how can that be? a democrat stronghold with some of the strictest gun laws in the country has gun violence regularly? maybe they should consider nukes in response, i'm sure rep. swalwell would be willing to consider it.replyshare2 likesmaybe you can tell us how the current gun laws in the country are doing a single thing to assure they're providing for a 'well regulated militia.'that's the only reason for providing the right, and militias haven't been in use much since the civil war.replyshare8 likeswhat does the 2nd amendment have to do with a skumbag being a skumbag? it's a people problem, because just like those gun laws didn't stop him neither did the laws against murder and attempting murderreplyshare1 like
## 54
palin needs get off twitter and help her son stop hitting women.replyshare108 likes you are in violation of your 15 minute time restriction sarah!replyshare72 likeswhen do alexandria ocasio-cortez 15 minutes run out? at least palin has held office.replyshare1 likeheld office for half a term.replyshare18 likesshe actually held office for 4 years on city council, 6 years as mayor, 1 year on the oil and gas commission, and 3 years as governor.  a bit more impressive than your stint as cashier at mcdonalds.replyshare2 likesshow 26 more repliessara you couldnt even hold the ball, let alone fumble. half term governor , reality show player.replyshare59 likeswho?replyshare7 likessarah trying to engage in a battle of wits with someone who actually has a brain is a losing proposition for sarah.replyshare59 likesyou cant have a battle of wits with an unarmed individual.replyshare46 likesso once again sarah is on the losing side of a battle.replyshare2 likesaoc has a brain?replyshare1 likeshow 8 more repliessarah who???replyshare39 likessarah go back to the woods and go hunting no one cares one thing about what you have to say.replyshare26 likesyet you read the article and then comment onit????replyshareto be forewarned is to be forearmed.  or don't they teach wisdom in your part of the world?replyshare18 likesyour statement has absolutely zero relevance the the oringinal comment.replyshareshow 9 more replieskeep in mind folks that sarah just didn't see this reaction coming...!****for the hard of understanding, this is a teaching example of lack of self-awareness, prominent now in the dexter caucus in us politics, but at least she didn't reach presidential level...replyshare23 likesyet you like and support an elected official to congress who is a socialist, who called the 3 branches of government "chambers" and who doesn't even know that the 3 branches are the executive, legislative, and judicial. something most 8th graders know, or at least used to. who cares about palin? she is history. the real threat is lazy young socialists thinking the govt is the answer to everything and not understanding that there is not enough money to pay for their pipe dreams. wake up and recognize the real threat.replyshare3 likesyou sound easily panicked...  ...and prone to stereotyping...  ...and to unthinking labelling...ocasio-cortez is on a steep learning curve and certainly will have from growing experience to deal with the 'art of the possible', but universal health care isn't solely an issue for left-of-centre governments. for example, austria and uk both have right-of-centre governments, but also support, with a degree of reluctance, universal health care systems nationally.if you hadn't noticed, palin introduced herself into the issue, and so it is legitimate to remind ourselves not only how gaffe-prone she was, but also the rabid support for her becoming mccain's running-mate. fine, you can dismiss all of that, but the corollary is that you also have to dismiss parallel right-wing circumstances today...replyshare16 likesthank you for such a concise and articulate comment, my hats off to youreplyshareshow 3 more replieswretched excuse for a female vp candidate springs up again. first time i can remember since $aint $arahs sons latest domestic violence incident. and is to broadly mock a woman 500 times as good as $$. oops, bombed as a comedienne.replyshare18 likesmy favorite was when charlie gibson asked her what she thought of the bush doctrine -- it was immediately apparent that she had no idea what that meant, so she panicked with a pathetic comeback asking, "in what respect charlie?"exposed as a fraud with no shame or moral compass.replyshare16 likeswhile you are still stuck in the past dwelling on palin, who no one cares about except for apparently the mentally ill left, you just elected a woman to congress who despite having a university education, who does not know what the 3 branches (not chambers) of govt are and who wants to spend $50 trillion dollars on new social programs by stealing money from those who earned it and giving it to those who didnt earn it. and you think palin was dumb and and was a fraud? hilarious...and so sad.replyshare1 likeyou should sue sean hannity for what he has done to you.replyshare22 likeswhats trumps excuse for his blatant stupidity and verbal diarrhea? tanning bed poisoning??replyshare10 likesshow 4 more repliesrepublicans are becoming the hypocritical stand-up comedians on the world stage. get the big hook ready!replyshare12 likesso does your comedy include adding $32 trillion to the national debt by having medicare for all like cortez wants? along with trillions more for other free stuff? who is supposed to pay for that? the real comedy and tragedy is that an elected member of congress does not even know what the 3 branches of government are and that they are called branches and not chambers. this is a university educated person? now that is as hilarious as it is sad.replysharebilly, you are part of the comedy. you partisan blindness allows you to not be able to see that the republicans just buried us in debt giving more riches to the wealthy why you whine about programs to the middle which will be paid for many times over by their investment in our future. damn, damn,damn.replyshare10 likesdo the math, thats been debunked dude.replyshare3 likesshow 3 more repliespalin offered her services to trump.....even trump rejected her...sorry, sarah....you're finished...replyshare10 likeswrong-colored knee pads i suppose.  /s/replyshare3 likeslolreplyshare2 likespalin... hmmmm... should i know that name?replyshare9 likesdont worry about palin. she is history. do worry about a woman who is university educated and an elected member of congress who doesn't even know what the 3 branches of govt are, that they are not called "chambers", who wants to steal money from those who earned it and give it to those who didn't, and wants to add tens of trillions of dollars to our national debt to give free stuff to any lazy person who wants it so they don't have to work for it. now that binky is a serious problem.replyshare1 likeah sweetie, justify the huge tax cut given to the richest among this compently and then come back and cry that we are taking care of children, the elderly, and veterans.  your concept of the beggar class is simply wrong.  as for the welfare state, go look at the whites only trailer parks in most republican states. go back and balance why the states who are the most conservative are  the poorest and least educated.  now there are some valid talking points not someone who made a simple mistake.replyshare4 likessarah palin needs to just shut the hell up and worry about her own family.  you can tell she wasn't home much raising her kids.  she is irrelevant at this point and will do anything for a little publicity.  alexandra ocasio-cortez can mop the floor with old palin.  in 28 years ocasio-cortez has far more intelligence than old sarah will garner in her lifetime.  palin is just another hack who will do anything for a buck.  todd won't go get a real job, and her son is too busy beating women up to earn.  palin is still way out of her league.  too bad she doesn't just walk on over to russia and stay there.  they like people like her over there.  stupid enough to be manipulated and making up their own facts rather than doing anything for the good of our country.replyshare9 likesthanks for the laugh! palin was dumb, no doubt, but cortez just called the 3 "branches" of govt "chambers" and thought they were the "presidential, congress. and the senate"!!! instead of the executive, legislative, and judicial! and this is a woman who just got elected to congress???oh wait, i just realized that you probably didnt know the 3 branches were called or that they are called branches either! hilarious!replyshare2 likesdo you have anything other than she said the 3 branches of government. after the fifth or sixth times that argument grows a little stale. i guarantee i could come up with more than one thing palin said that was wrong.replyshare1 like
## 55
then what about all the texts, kate, where you plainly admit what you are doing.  don't blame you for trying out this defense, but come on, really?replyshare6 likesa homeless giving his last $20 to a perfect stranger woman who was stranded with no gas in her car. she couldnt call aaa, call her boyfriend, a friend/family member, or even a uber. yep, that story was fishy from the very beginning...replyshare5 likesi do not think that will work with the jury, her, boyfriend and the homeless fellow all perpetrated a felony fraud, theft by deception of more than $200 is a felony! send them to prison, take ever dime, piece of property they own or have moved to relatives, if relatives took the money, items knowingly a crime was committed then charge them too as co-conspirators, either way take the ill-gotten gains from them and return them to the victims those duped by fraud on go-fund me!replyshare3 likesyeah, nice defense.replyshare3 likesit is amazing how much people suddenly realize after they're caught.replyshare2 likesthis story has more twists than a corkscrew...replyshare2 likesoh, poor innocent kate.replyshare2 likesthat woman and her pals are true sociopathsreplyshare1 likeonly a woman could get awaywith saying she did know anything or was talkined into it.
## 56
well dude, looks like it's going to be your turn to get smashed, over and over again.replyshare14 likesonly if he gets jail time, which is highly unlikely. he will plead it down, maybe be classified as a sex offender, but probably probation only and little to no jail time.replyshare2 likesdoubtful. he'll only get a break if he turns out to be a trump supporter.replyshare3 likesbrian , i might be wrong,but to me he looks hispanic ,so i dont think hell get a break ,probably just deported.replyshare3 likesshow 8 more replieswell you will be having tons of sex in prison my friend. and with a mug like that, they may even make you the cell block bunkmuffin.replyshare4 likeswell we can all thank that japan brings out products of amazing quality. so great infact that any crime recorded with it is crystal clear.replysharedo a child a favor -- throw away the key and never let this one see the light of day.replyshare3 likesdo a child a favor -- throw the key away and never let this one see the light of day.poeticreplysharewow. i'm really glad they busted this guy, but the method is pretty creepy. am i a paranoid if i acknowledge that my electronic devices are monitoring every conversation?how long until criticizing trump results in your devices turning you in?replyshare3 likesyou kidding. my son bought the echo, and it took me all but 30 minutes to tell him everything he was saying and doing at home.replyshare2 likeshe left the mic on on game. this wasnt his electronics spying on him. this is why i use push to talk in game and not an open mic.replyshare3 likesi dig. but the default of a microphone should never be "transmit what i'm saying to the entire world, especially a massive corporation and/or the govt". just leaving it on should not provide a backdoor for any creep who wants to spy on you.i don't even have a mic attached to my computer. i've read 1984, a few times. i see cell phones as being the 1984 television set only portable so it can follow you and there is no corner in your home where you can hide from it as winston was able to do even in that super-oppressive society.it should go without saying that i also do not use cell phones. sure, the manufacturers, who produce these phones using slave labor, have all told us that the phones are perfectly safe and won't give you brain cancer no matter how many dangerous materials make up their construction. i have never trusted or believed a slaver and i am not going to start now.replyshare2 likesshow 1 more repliesvery fine person, i'm sure.replyshare2 likesit never ceases to amaze me, the pure resolve of huffpost commenters, to make absolutely everything and anything about trump.replyshare1 likeaaawwww poor baby.replysharesince trumpy always makes sure everything is about trump, why can't we do it also?  i am sure he approves.....replyshare1 likeplease explain the bail situation on sex assault of a minor to me when you have dna proof. never mind - i'm sure it involves her being "untrustworthy", and i'll never understand it in any case.replyshareaccording to the times, fabian was only recently arrested because of the time it took to get the results of a dna test, which linked him to the alleged assault.replysharenot surprisingly hufffpo does not say he's in his country illegally which he is.
## 57
where is the nra on this one???replyshare9 likesgoing broke.replyshare6 likesgod i hope so...replyshare5 likesin moral bankruptcy court.replyshare2 likesshow 5 more repliesi've always noticed that if they really thought that it was justified, they would always release footage immediately. they dig into his past to try to find something like "he once got a ticket for jaywalking, so he was a dangerous criminal"replyshare7 likesyou didnt notice this. you think this. but the reality is that evidence is not immediately released becuase it is evidence. information is not knowledge.replysharei think this, because i've noticed this. if that body cam footage had him doing anything wrong, then the cops would have sent it out. people like you are always trying to justify shooting unarmed minorities.replyshare6 likeshe had a gun while police  were responding to a shooting it isn't unreasonable to assume that the guy with a gun was involved.replyshare1 likeshow 9 more replies'brandished', 'lunged', 'resisted'.  just three more weapons in the police arsenal.replyshare6 likesbe careful.  these people have no morals or ethics and will kill you in a heart beat.  do not look for justice because there is none to be had in the state of alabama.  it matters not to them that this young man was vet and fought for his country.  it matters not to them that he was the son of a police officer.  it matters not in the state of alabama.replyshare4 likesdeadly combination of racism and bad training. i wondered if someone was proposing solutions. google came up with campaign zero. we have to do better.replyshare1 likehow would the police know that? they don't do a background check on an incident like that before  responding.replyshare1 likethe same way they do when there is a white person involved. the de-escalate the situation.replyshareguilty for being black and now he's dead......where is the president on this ?replyshare4 likesplanning his next "ws rally"!!replyshareas a gun rights advocate, i have to comment on this story.  this is completely unacceptable and i intend to make my voice heard.first of all, the gun rights movement is much more than the nra.  one of the top three gun rights groups - ccrkba/saf - has already called for a national conversation over the issue of legally armed citizens being shot by cops.  given that black men have been the primary victims of these unjustified shootings, yes this conversation must include that issue.as for the nra, it is absolutely not a racist organization - as anyone who takes a hard look at the organization will discover.  the nra board is currently about 6% black and the nra, not ignorant of demographics is intentionally reaching out to minorities - who are the fastest growing group of gun owners and ccw permit holders.  so, why have they been so slow to stand up for legal gun owners shot without justification?  the problem is simple: law enforcement represents a huge percentage of nra members.  my guess, based on my time as a law enforcement chaplain is that law enforcement is over 10% of the nra's 5.5 million paid up members.  as a result, the nra tends to be very careful about criticizing law enforcement.  too careful in my view.if the nra continues to refuse to address the concerns of minority gun owners, more and more people will move to the other gun rights groups that are willing to do so - and many of those who make that more will be "old white guys" like myself.replysharedidn't even read the article because i don't care anymore, just straight to the comments to bust liberal balls. if i was black this wouldn't happen to me because i wouldn't be engaging in illegal activity and i would be complying, most agreeably with mr. john law.replyshareangry little incel ain't you??replyshare1 likewhy do they still demand body cam footage when even when it shows the shooting was justified, they don't accept the footage as real? why not just chant their real feelings "let us get away with anything! black lives matter! except the thousands that we murder ourselves!"replysharehello hate filled racistreplyshare1 like
## 58
atesiano is just one of many.  i shudder to imagine how many people are languishing in jail/prison in order to meet some department's quota.replyshare125 likesnowhere near enough time and he deserves zero compassion. allowing him to spend time with mother before beginning his sentence is a kick to the teeth of every person guilty or innocent who missed life events while serving time.let's hope prison "justice" picks up where the corrupt system failed.replyshare117 likesshank here and a shank there...replyshare21 likesactually, i was thinking he metaphorically effed a black man, poetic justice demands he experience the same, only a little more realistically.replyshare14 likesshow 9 more repliesas a retired lawman myself (and one who played by the rules)  i'd say these guys got off way too easy.  it really frosts me when cops delude themselves into thinking that the way to deal with criminals is to become criminals themselves.replyshare113 likesand the blue wall reinforces it with usually zero consequences other than a paid vacation.replyshare64 likesyou are so right.  how is this man who destroyed so many lives, can get off so easily?you wonder why people protest and why athletes take a knee?!replyshare76 likesgetting ... off so easily? only time will tell. there may be relatives of the wrongly convicted in the prison he goes into. may it happen quickly.replyshare11 likesshow 16 more replies"one of the three victims who served five years...falsely accused..."shouldn't all the cops involved serve at least five years?  they not only disrupted someone's life in a horrible way, they betrayed their job and took tax payer money while committing crimes.replyshare77 likesexactly.  the disproportionate sentences are disgusting.replyshare38 likesthey, the disproportionate sentences, are the norm for non whites in most of the cases.replyshare23 likestheir sentence should be as long as the accumulated sentences of their victims.  that would seem more just to me. .. and they should pay the victims and their families.replyshareshow 6 more repliesmay he be assigned to a cell block with many big angry black men.replyshare35 likeswhat a joke. 3 years? how many lives did this monster ruin? how much confidence in the pd did he undermine? only in florida where political insiders rule the day.  hint...hint...investigate the damn judge who sentenced him!replyshare32 likesright?  the least they should get is the accumulated sentences of those they put behind bars unlawfully!  impeach that judge!replyshare32 likesexactlyreplyshare8 likesso, he gets less time in prison than the innocent men he helped frame? his sentance should have been calculated by multiplying the number of framed men by the total number of years they were given. and then adding 50.replyshare28 likesthat would be too just.replyshare3 likesblue lies matter.replyshare27 likesyou so wrong. this is darkness, not shade. i love my people.replyshare2 likesme too, stephen.replyshare1 likea white lady i know adopted 2 black boys and raised them. she used to tell me how the cops would harass and try to frame them, and how there was this secret conspiracy to sabotage black people's lives by giving them a bogus parking ticket or something, then waiting for them to miss the deadline to pay it, then either tacking on huge penalties and interest or issuing them a summons for failure to appear, which would result in them having a police record, etc., etc.i used to roll my eyes at these stories. it can't possibly be like that, i thought. not in america.how foolish i was!replyshare23 likesat least you know how bad we have it. only hope your awakening rubs off on othersreplyshare10 likesshame on you if you're waiting around for someone else to validate you.  i would say that their behavior validates the exact opposite -- fear of inferiority.  that's the actual root of their problem.replysharewhat are you blabbering about? i don't need validation, because i experienced it first-hand. i just was making the point that the original poster was making when she said she didn't believe her friend. maybe in a mixed up way you were trying to make a point, but it got lost in translation.replyshare8 likesshow 2 more replieslatino supremacists, stand in the hate line behind white supremacists.you see, the whole world has aligned itself against the black race. you have to wait your turn to stomp on us.where are these guys from, mexico, cuba,  latin america? where ever they came from, they came with hatred and bigotry in their hearts.replyshare19 likesdown here in south florida theres no group worse than the miami cubans. they absolutely hate blacks and even hate other hispanics. its the norm down here.replyshare17 likesi've always found that it's mostly the older cubans.replyshare8 likeswouldn't they be the brutal autocrats and criminals (or there young children at the time) who castro kicked out when he got rid of the corrupt regime? explains their culture.replyshare4 likesshow 3 more repliesthese guys should serve sentences at least as long as the longest one they pinned on innocent men. a year, two, three, not enough by a long shot!replyshare11 likesthe chief got a lighter sentence than the rest why?replyshare10 likeslighter skin?  just a guess.replyshare5 likesthis is why we kneelreplyshare10 likesonly 27 months for him and only twelve months for the 2 officers who helped him?  so, they get a slap on the wrist for framing black men, one of whom spent five years in prison before being released?i hope that guy, who spent 5 years, is suing the town for millions and collects every dime.  cities/towns are too quick to turn a blind eye to this stuff unless it costs them, dearly, and it will when their property and sales taxes go sky high.replyshare10 likesahh, florida.  this probably occurs everywhere.  we took away weed arrests in michigan, so can't wait to hear about the uptick in other arrests.replyshare8 likeswhy should he be given time with his mother? how many people did he rob of that right?replyshare8 likeshis mother deserves "time," too. for raising a sociopath.replyshare7 likes
## 59
the correct statement is... trump should have never been involved in a presidential election... then there would be no manafort...replyshare46 likesbeat me to it.replyshare7 likesme too.replyshare3 likesme three!replyshare3 likesshow 1 more repliesas bad as manfort is... trump is 10 times worst...replyshare25 likestrump hired manafort because of his connections.replyshare17 likespresidents should never be allowed to pardon people who are traitors against our country. that alone makes them guilty too, and they should not only be removed from office, but also tried for it.replyshare15 likesin your formulation of this statute, wouldn't there first have to be a jury finding that the individual receiving the pardon has in fact been convicted of treason?replysharetom sutpen, no, the pardon should be given only for specific offenses, not for anything and everything (as in ford's pardon of nixon), and what jeffrey brass is saying is that any accusation of treason may not be "rendered moot" by a pardon. if a president cannot pardon for acts of treason, then any criminal process accusing someone of that act cannot be derailed by a pardon. pretty simple.replysharepres can only pardon for federal crimes, not state...my guess, manafort has numerous state issues and probably will never see light outside prison...he's lying to keep putin from giving him a poison cocktail...replyshare7 likesshow 1 more repliesand since manafort was working on behalf of trump's campaign, does that mean *45  should be rotting beside him? go ahead,  meghan, share your views on that awkward point.replyshare12 likeswho cares what meghan mccain thinks about anything?replyshare6 likesexactly -replyshare1 likehehehe...that's rich. to carry this to it's logical conclusion...who cares about what you think about what meghan mccain thinks about anything? next!replyshare3 likesif he is going to rot in hell or in prison, i hope he takes the trump crime family with him.  if trump thinks it is getting hot now, wait tell jr. gets indicted and then his mob family loses in court over their fraudulent charities.  all i want for the holidays are more indictments against trump kushner, stone, corsi and others who have helped this crime syndicate sell our country to russia and saudi arabia for their own personal gain.   impeach, imprison and lock them all up for eternity.  i hope they lose every dime to attorneys and that their properties get sold in auctions.replyshare11 likespick a lane, meg...replyshare10 likesit took trump bad mouthing her father to get her to see what a low life he really is? the rest of us recognized that well before he invaded the wh.replyshare9 likesamen - did she say that about trump when he said her father was not a hero because he was captured -  is she outraged because manafort has shamed her repub party for what they are and who they allow to get away with roguish activities -replyshare2 likesthis goes for all republicans and their "winning" by unethical means and their craven transactional mentality and hypocrisy.replyshare5 likesdidn't her dad cut off folks from healthcare?didn't her dad support going to wars based on lies that ultimately killed fellow american soldiers?replyshare3 likesyes. and that's only the beginning of john mccain's miserable record.replyshare2 likesactually, mccain cast the deciding vote that killed the gop bill and saved obamacare.replyshare6 likesis that it?replyshareshow 1 more replieshell called .... they said paulie is not welcome!replyshare2 likesmeghan mccain is so damned phoney. she should take that "rot in hell" comment and give it to trump and the gop for disrespecting her father.replyshare2 likesmanafort is a life long schist-er who took his operation off shore to maximize profits and avoid onshore scrutiny. he has made 2 critical mistakes.he got in bed with a sort off shore people who make the mafia look like nice guys.he brought his song and dance back to america and those not so nice off shore guys will not permit him to to save his virginity by telling the truth.rot in jail is good for me.replyshare2 likeswell, at least he'll be able to keep her dad company if he goes there. lolreplyshare1 likemccain is right and the panelist who brought up the whole question of presidential pardon power is also right. some of the pardons that trump has already made don't have any merit, to me (i.e. scooter libby). i was a supporter of both clintons but i was more bothered by bill clinton's pardon of fugitive financier mark rich than i was of the lewinsky matter (although that bothered me too). and don't get me started on gerald ford's pardon of nixon. to this day, i'm still angered about that. if trump gets to run in 2020, and he hasn't pardoned manafort yet, the dem candidate should run ads about that possibility. trump could do that on his way out the door (in jan 2021) or he might do that if he sees that he's not going to last that long. it would be an outrage either way (one of many involving trump).replyshare1 like"mccain said manafort should never have been involved in a presidential campaign  something with which her father, sen. john mccain (r-ariz.), apparently agreed."republicans like mccain attempt to pass themselves off as honest and decent by throwing someone like manafort under the bus, yet conveniently ignoring the far bigger "evildoers" in their midst. if mccain wan'ts to cleanse the party symbolically by denouncing manafort, she has to be consistent and go ahead and declare the same goes as far as trump is concerned. he also should never have been involved in a presidential campaign. because republicans always put retaining power ahead of principle and the interests of the nation, you backed a manifestly unfit person for president, and this nation will be paying for that sin for decade, if we indeed ever recover from this.replyshare1 likeshe's setting up the trump had nothing to do with it defense.  they have been planning this for years.replysharegee meghan don't you think lying trump should be right next to him?replysharewhere's not rot already in the air?replysharepence has kept his hands clean to be able to pardon the whole trump crime organization.the only way they would ever go to jail is for trump to be unseated in 2020, then go after him and his gang. any convictions before that will just be pardoned.replysharewhy, because her old man needs the company?replysharei always feel like i have been slimed (like in ghostbusters) when i read about the trump mafia.  yuck.replysharehe'll be right next to your dadreplyshareso manafort did what plenty of republican and democrat lobbyists did long before him and he's to rot in hell...because...trump?replyshareah...the old false equivalency defense....replyshare3 likescan you name the one thing which makes paul manafort materially worse than other lawyers of his provenance?replysharecan you remind us of all the traitors who have worked so closely with putin to overthrow duly elected people. tax frauds too.have at it we are waiting.replyshare8 likes
## 6
i can't believe the waste of resources that goes into putting a diagnosed psychotic woman on trial three times. once should have been enough, with enough funds left over for hospitalization and intensive care. this system needs an overhaul.she must be really bad as it takes a lot to get an insanity defense through anymore.we'd rather lock up those with mental illness than treat them and prevent a lot of problems...
## 60
what was ahmed thinking? of course it's criminal to do good deeds in public while being non-white!replyshare63 likeshe's just lucky they didn't shoot and kill him.replyshare28 likeslucky?replyshareyeah, he was damn lucky.replyshare1 likeshow 3 more repliesi sometimes think we would be safer if we just closed all our police stations.  back the blue? not on  my life!replyshare32 likescheaper too. lawsuits over police violence are bankrupting every city in america, one by one. there is a great article about it in the current harper's. cities have gone into debt that nobody expects to be repaid for 50 years or more over a single incident. and none of these expenses have cost any police department or pension fund a single penny. but they do bleed the city dry so it can't pay for social programs, a lack of which lead to more crime which leads to more violent, out of control cops which leads to more lawsuits.replysharejust another routine moment in america.replyshare28 likesthis is absurd. being arrested for doing a good deed is absolutely preposterous.replyshare28 likesalmost as bad as 3 months in prison for cotton candy. think we need more/some citizen oversight on police officers.replyshare12 likesi think we'd police ourselves better than cops do.replysharei often see the middle ground on these things. but nope - not with this one!replyshare26 likesimo, there is no such thing as a good cop, ever.  cops in this country are of no use and should disbanded and most, including my brother who is a philadelphia officer, should be in jail for their wanton and criminal abuse of the citizens of this country.replyshare22 likesyou might want to broaden your knowledge and experience base.replyshare6 likesyou might want to broaden yours. i suggest you start with jerry smith jr. who was shot by milwaukee police in august of 2017 while unarmed.replyshare2 likes@brian howard: raimundo atesiano, 53, formerly the chief of the biscayne park police department in miami-dade county, was sentenced by a federal judge on tuesday for conspiracy to deprive individuals of their civil rights.replyshare1 likeshow 17 more repliesi cannot understand why cops will not listen to people. stop and take a moment to listen.replyshare16 likesevery single officer here needs to be fired along with the police chief.  is this how the chief trains this counties officers?  the folks that called the police told them they had the wrong man and the officer said he does not have to answer to them.  he sure the heck does have to answer to the people that called for help.  this my folks is trump america.  we used to have the fbi investigate crooked racist police departments but we cannot do that now because the fbi leadership is corrupt itself.  so sad.  trump has made america not great again.  we need to take our country back from these disgusting racists.replyshare16 likesthis shooting and arresting of good samaritans is a pretty lousy trend.replyshare15 likesdid the cop not have enough time to follow and make sure dude got home safe? clearly there was enough time for useless questions and searches. protect and serve. it all gets discombobulated in academy, apparently .replyshare12 likeshe had an illegal substance.  "useless?" not according to the law . his version is not the full story, i assure you, and it will come out.replyshare1 likethere's video and they had no probable cause to search him. the arrest will be thrown out.  his skin color isnt probable cause skeeter.replyshare19 likesno it wont. it will get dropped from the news and we will never hear all the details so that we (the public) can make an informed decision. we will just be left with our twitter, instagram and facebook accounts of the situation. this is what news has become today. it is not just this story, it is so many stories.replyshare5 likesshow 5 more repliesi will call all police fascists until the so called good cops stand up against the rogues.replyshare10 likesamerica is basically a police state at this point and people of color is the chosen enemy.  so when you're in a situation with the police, just be quiet and respectful and get away from them as quickly as possible and please don't try to explain your rights to them, because for the most part they don't care, they are one the most powerful group of people in this country. they can take your freedom or your life in a flash, just typing out this comment gives me cold chills, but sadly it's the truth.replyshare10 likesuntil the police are reigned in, the only way to avoid these sorts of things is, simply, don't call the cops if you don't have to.  deal with it yourself.  when cops show up, they feel they have to arrest somebody to show that they did something.  so if an arrest isn't warranted, don't call them.  there is a 50-50 chance that they will only make matters worse.  it is not worth the risk.replyshare9 likesso much for "you are your brother's keeper." it's much better to not get involved. an d calling 911 means cops are not going to leave without arresting somebody.replyshare9 likes"so much for "you are your brother's keeper." it's much better to not get involved."absolutely. isolate, divide, and conquer. this is another step in capitalist social engineering. make them isolated, afraid, and they'll consume.replyshare1 likehe is fortunate he wasn't murderedreplyshare8 likesat least 6 police officers are present at this incident, maybe more. for one guy!  police officers need to be re-trained not to spend 50-60 hours per month training with their weapon, and start spending more time on community relations( 6 hours per month) or conflict management ( 6 hours per month.)but, that's not likely...replyshare7 likesi'm taken aback by the additional police that showed up, and for what? where was the threat? where they in fear of those brick-hard questions being thrown at them?replyshare1 likemore proof that local pds need to raise the standards of qualifications, at least to the level for being a state trooper. this needs to be step one of a long process for improvement.replyshare5 likesi would agree but we also need to pay police a lot more so we can get the cream of the crop.  policing should be a profession like a neurologist not a low paid job.replyshare1 likeso it's a crime to help someone while african-american?  right?  that is the law....no, it's not the law.  alabama cops murder an african-'american, a maryland man is arrested by doing a good deed.  america is a racist country led by a fat, white racist.replyshare5 likesand, dont forget the black nightclub security guard, who was recently murdered by police while he was saving lives by detaining a would-be mass murderer!replyshare7 likesamerican gestapos.replyshare4 likeswatch for the lying coming soonreplyshare4 likestwo things you need to become a cop in america, 1 a low iq and 2 a disdain for the constitutionreplyshare4 likesmemo to self ,,,,,,never be a good samaritan in maryland ,,,,,,replyshare3 likeswe would do better to invest in more enlightened training for our law enforcement rather than paying out the lawsuits that spring from poorly executed decisions.replyshare3 likeswhite police officers over reacting to a person of color ?  nooooooooooooreplyshare2 likes
## 61
how about don't do stuff that sends you to prison?doesn't seem that hard to me.replyshare9 likesyeah man. popping wheelies! that's some hardcore criminal activity right there.replyshare1 likebad guys are bad guys and should be fairly punished, but i believe that the system could be reformed as well, seems a bit too tough.replyshare3 likeshere's another idea: stop committing crimes. i've managed to do it my entire life. it's not hard.replyshare4 likeson the one hand, criminal justice reform is an issue that libs and conservatives can work together on (unless you are part of the black caucus that voted against the recent criminal reform bill).on the other hand, this guy only has himself to blame for his problems.  2007 gun and drug case, 2 arrests in 2017 and now again.  please, stop breaking the law and you won't end up in prison.replyshare3 likesa rapper! a criminal! now they want their hand held, tucked into bed and nighty night. their in there for a reason and its not for being a good civil servant. meek the place is not a hotel, most of the problems are your in there with some pretty bad dudes. get over it! their not wet nurses get it.replyshare3 likesmeek the law is their for a reason and its not for you to break.replyshare3 likesi thought if you did time you got more cred for your rap career.  but, in your case it should've been a probation, fine and community service.replysharehe thinks black people are too dumb to obey the law. as a black person who has obeyed the law all my life i resent that.replyshare1 likeno priors and gets prison for riding a minibike?  proof poc are railroaded to for profit prisons.  we know cops are paid a commission for rounding up and imprisoning innocent minorities.  they draw lots at beginning of each shift to pick who gets the bounty, paid by trump.replysharethis  is not an innocent man. didnt you read the article. he is playing the victim card. if he had obeyed the law no one would have rounded him up as you say. he made his own bed hard.replyshareplease ppl i think you are getting pennsylvania confused with other states. pennsylvania is a commonwealth and what is considered a serious crime here and given a bunch of time is just probation in other counties. you could spend easily over 5 years in and out of jail and on probation here for petty crimes just above ticket grade. crimes that don't send you to prison at first but do in the end because you can't meet the programming requirements and work and support yourself independently. who wants to hire someone who has appointments 5 days a week? many times here you see pedophiles get a slap on the wrist get out and reoffend because they only went to prison for a year or two while you see ppl with addiction problems condemned to life in and out of prison without even committing any new crimes just for these technical violations which they fully exploit to lock you up to get more taxpayer money for the contractors and more state and federal grants. ppl should not be getting sent to state prison for fights and popping wheelies period. that is not rehabilitation, they leave with a master's in criminology with no chance no opportunity only the choice between using what they now know to survive or not using it and being locked up anyway.replyshare1 likepowerful .. keep standing strong bro. this satanic white supremacy system will fall and those behind it will burn. god is on his throne. america's justice system is a joke but gods justice system ; divine justice ; it ain't no laughing matter.replyshare2 likesthey all laugh until they are sitting in prison for drinking and driving, or get set up by the cops, happens much more than ppl think....replyshare1 like
## 62
if discuss your status really means arrest and deport on sight, then all this means is that those who have made themselves known, and who attempted to work with the system, were proven right when they went into hiding. the state of work with the system is... theres no working with the system anymore.remember, melania trump got a special rush through the system, back in the day - and her family recently did too. funny how nice white people get a different set of standards than asians and latinos...replyshare19 likeswhat does that have to do with being here illegally? also it helps to have a wealthy husband that can pull some strings.replyshare4 likesyou just explained part of the problem. btw if you want to solve the problem there are to things which are most important. 1. treat them in a way that they are willing to cooperate (this does the exact opposite) and 2. aid their home countries in creating an environment where they want ot stay there. this country  has helped create most of  the problems but isn't helping to solve them.replyshare4 likes1. if they go to the us embassy in their own country and apply, like millions do every year, they will be treated nicely. if they are given a visa, they can come, if they aren't given a visa, they cannot come. 2. fixing their country is not our responsibility. we have helped them enormously and they get aid in the hundreds of millions every year.replyshare4 likesshow 6 more repliesi still can't understand how leftists celebrate lawbreakers while demonizing the people and agencies who enforce laws that we have on the books. whose side are you on? do you see how bass ackwards your logic is? jeez.replyshare20 likesmixed views. the guy reported to ice as instructed. was he entrapped into appearing for an interview but arrested instead? nothing is ever so simple as it seems! especially when emotions are involved. law enforcement in democracies must avoid appearing like the  gestapo; in actions or behavior.replyshare12 likesi just don't get how fascists vilify women and children. their own families came to the us as immigrants but now, somehow, being an immigrant is a bad thing.oh, yeah. infantile selfishness and self-hate. i forgot.replyshare8 likesnope. being an illegal alien is bad.replyshare8 likesshow 32 more repliestried to enter with fraudulent docs and was convicted now here illegally again.  yep the kind libs want to live herereplyshare7 likesand you have no proof, its all guessing game for you right?replyshare2 likesactually, i believe that the story stated that.replyshare4 likesyeah i know story stated that... but i was referring to his his comment  "yep the kind libs want to live here" ireplyshare3 likesshow 5 more repliesman who thought immigration laws did not apply to him finds out  otherwise  - news at 11.replyshare6 likeslolreplysharegood job folks, a criminal off the streets, anyone here illegally is by definition a criminal.replyshare9 likesi'm willing to be you are by definition a criminal as well. somewhere in your life you've driven over the speed limit and not got caught. illegal.therefore a criminal.replyshare4 likesdifferent crimes/infractions warrant different punishments. if mr. scout went over the speed limit he would be fined and his car insurance would increase. if mr. scout illegally entered another nation he would be deported. do you see the difference?replyshare6 likesno.they're both misdemeanors.but you're too stupid to know that, aren't you?replyshare4 likesshow 5 more repliessure he was going to his immigration appointment....replyshare4 likeshe was hiding in a church for all this time because he has a criminal record and has already been ordered deported.what part of illegal alien don't you snowflakes understand?replyshare4 likestrump right again, it was an invasion.replyshare5 likesdamn,  is this really how our country needs to be? we should be better. i dont go to church. he is probably a better person than i am.replyshare3 likesi don't go to church but i am a lot better than many catholic priests.replyshare2 likeshe's going to church so he doesn't get arrested for breaking the law.  i hope he's not a better person than u.replyshare3 likeswell, he was hiding from the law in the church. does that make him better than you?replyshare3 likesshow 3 more repliesdo you liberals even know what the word illegal means?? i guess you don't because democrats have turned into anarchists who favor illegal aliens over american citizens!!i'm the son of legal immigrants who came here lawfully!!replyshare2 likes"samuel oliver-bruno, 47, agreed to appear at an immigration office to be fingerprinted and discuss his petition to stay in the u.s. he was taken into custody when he arrived for the appointment, cnn reported."in what will be known as one of the worst surprise parties ever.replyshare1 likeemployees will most often conduct themselves like their employers....replyshare2 likes"democratic reps. david price and g.k. butterfield of north carolina suggested in a statement that fridays biometrics appointment may have been a trap set by immigration and customs enforcement to lure oliver-bruno out of the church."uhhhh... ya think?replyshare1 likegood! arrest and deport all illegal aliens!replyshare2 likesthe american gestapo at work!replyshare4 likesamerican laws at work....sorry you cant handle itreplyshare6 likesshame on you buddy.replyshare1 likeobviously one of the bad hombres that the pumpkin president is afraid of.replyshare4 likeshe is a bad hombre for knowingly violating our immigration laws and entering our country illegally.replyshare8 likesyeah, got to get those dangerous family men out of the country at all costs.  and what does that make trump for knowingly violating our laws and constitution on a daily basis?replyshare3 likesgary - he entered illegally. we should have a right to enforce our borders. he knowingly violated our laws. he should be deported. name another country that allows illegals to stay with no punishment.replyshare4 likes
## 63
so...was he a good guy with a gun, trying to stop the altercation, but shot because he was a black guy with a gun?replyshare113 likesno, he was shot because he was running away from the scene with a gun in his hand.  that's pretty stupid to start. if you are a good guy in the gun, you'd be running in the other direction.this is going to be an interesting spin.replyshare11 likeshow are you going to spin the security guard, with vest on, that they shot? he wasn't running or even standing, not pointing a gun at the cops.. waiting.replyshare71 likesyou guys need to improve your comprehension. i am merely talking about this circumstance. i am not even close to being a cop apologist. they have gotten away with murder many times in the last few years. the guy shot dead in the walmart carrying the air rifle, and the little kid in the play ground.  all those officers should be in jail now. in this case there is an element of doubt - at this moment.  it may end up otherwise. i am prepared to wait and not get tied up in the gnashing of teeth and the manufactured outrage. all i said was its not a smart thing to openly carry a gun while running away from the scene of the crime.  if it wasn't exposed, likely he'd just be another person getting out of the way.replyshare26 likesshow 117 more repliesthis it the second story this week of a good guy with a gun being mistaken for a bad guy by police.replyshare46 likeshe's yet to be determined a good guy with a gun. he's a guy with a gun, shot at the scene and his gun hasn't been linked to the murder.replyshare4 likesis he hasn't done anything wrong than he is a good guy with a gun. or is innocent until proven guilty only for whites?replyshare44 likesbut you don't know if he did anything wrong or not, therefore he is neither a good guy with a gun, nor guilty of a crime at this time.replyshare5 likesshow 30 more repliesamerica has a gun problem, a big one.replyshare34 likesexactly!  dont want to be gunned down?  dont run when they say stop, and even smarter, dont wave a gun at them...replyshare3 likesreally, please tell me when the last time a white male was shot killed for running, do tell.  people of color are not allowed to run regardless!replyshare22 likeswhen the white guy is known to be mentally ill. however, once a mentally ill man was playing with a shiny toy in the street, while his black caregiver was trying to get him to go back inside the care facility next to them. the police shot the caregiver, even though the 911 call had been on the white guy.  the black guy asked the cop why he shot him...the cop answered i dont know.  an honest cop!replyshare19 likesshow 21 more repliesnra.........crickets...replyshare28 likesnra= n words r not allowedreplyshare10 likesthe confusion between 'good guy' 'bad guy' within a spit second does not support the 'good guy with the gun' concept...replyshare4 likesnational russian association has nothing to say, what a surprise..replyshare17 likesshow 2 more repliespolice said they regret that our initial media release was not totally accurate.really!? you do it all the time to try and protect your own.replyshare24 likestranslation from alpolicese:  he was black, case closed.replyshare5 likesexactly, just like the white police woman who killed a black male in his own apartment, she walked around free and not charged for over two weeks.replyshare6 likesbtw - there's a new da in dallas and he's not so forgiving of the white police woman.  the new da takes office in january so i'll be following to see if any action is taken.replyshareif police officers valued the lives of black people the way they value their own families, they would take care to never make any mistakes when it comes to taking a black life. this is why we chant black lives matter.  this is why we kneel!replyshare21 likeswhat makes you think the officer isnt black?replysharei seriously doubt it, however, there are a lot of uncle toms on the police department as well as in the white house.replyshare3 likesblack live matter isn't fighting "white" cops and their garbage.  it's cops of any color.  why is that so difficult for you to understand?replyshare6 likesshow 10 more repliesthe man shot was guilty of 'living while black'. a common problem among certain ethnic types in today's america.  and the reason the police spokesman didn't want to 'get into details' is because they haven't come up with their final cover story yet.replyshare11 likeslisten.......if dylan roof can be taken alive and then offered burger king by the police, then the police should take some of these black guys  alive too.replyshare12 likesbut we are still looking for the caravan....so thereeee ....replyshare11 likesi don't think the caravan metaphor is apt. it's also not ridiculous enough. it should be called something like the "marauding barbarian horde". the contrast between that image, which the cons hope to project, and the image of the actual refugees should be made sharper and more absurd.replyshare1 likelike the jews in germany in 1939replyshareyes, but i think they were characterized as being successful infiltrators. i've never really understood the rationalization for despising jews. it seems the stereotype is that they are too smart and hard working. but the typical rationalization for despising other groups is that they are too stupid and lazy.replyshare1 likei guess you can only be assumed to be a good guy with a gun if you're white. and you get shot immediately if you're a black suspected mass shooter, but you get taken alive most of the time when you're white. or in the case of dylan roof you get taken alive, and you take him to burger king. and the racist nra is always silent when police kill innocent black menreplyshare12 likesok, so you are allowed to openly carry your gun in this state. openly carry.... openly carry... openly carry. it was believed that people openly carrying would stop bad men with guns. shots fired!!! what is the proper legal response for someone who is legally allowed to openly carry? can they then pulled their weapon and attempt to address the bad guy? should they treat their weapon as merely a clothing accessory? should they attempt to hide their weapon before the police arrive? wait... what was the purpose of allowing folks to openly carry, again? another question: was the command - "freeze, police!" just hollywood fiction. video evidence consistently shows that police are giving commands to people they have already shot (multiple times)replyshare10 likeslighten up, noel.  you're being immature.replyshareno you are an ostrich, with his head in the sand. why don't you wake up????replysharesorry, but: you're being stupid.replyshareso police respond to a shooting... shoot someone running with a gun and he isn't the shooter?  nah we don't have gun problems.replyshare6 likesif the guy was white...recall the guy who shot those blacks in that kroger's store when confronted  simply said, "whites don't shot whites"  and he was spared....replyshare7 likesdon't be stupid enough to jump to conclusions.replyshare
## 64
peoples dna can end up in places that theyve never been.under a dead womans fingernails?replyshare48 likesthat does seem more than just coincidental...replyshare2 likesthat's the first thing i thought, 'but under her fingernails?'  people aren't even believing straight evidence anymore.replyshare5 likesalternate jury, according to ny daily news, stated that the prosecution did a poor job at proving their case to the point that the evidence anywhere d confession were suspect. all you need is reasonable doubt and there must have been some present.replysharemaybe the next jury will believe science.replyshare36 likesi understand confessions can be forced but his dna under her fingernails,neck and cell phone....im voting guiltyreplyshare34 likesmaybe we should think about some sort of professional jury system. an educated, licensed jury pool, jurors selected at random. people who understand evidence, and have nowhere to be except sitting in a jury box.   just saying.replyshare17 likesum, a revolutionary war was fought to get away from a system where the people were ruled, and judged, by their betters.replyshare10 likesok, but obviously it still happens all the time. having been on a jury, i much prefer "betters".replyshare4 likesyou just described using judges to decide cases instead of juries.replyshare2 likesshow 3 more repliesthe oj jury.replyshare13 likesbased on what we know, on its face those of us who remember the central park case know that confessions are far too often coerced.  but adding dna under her nails does seem to make this a solid case for conviction.  please ignore the bigot jonathan shane on this thread.replyshare8 likesi always ignore him.replyshare3 likeswho?replyshare3 likesuh huh.  her dna just happened to be on the baloney sandwich he bought from a deli earlier that day.  ive heard of that.  i wouldnt be surprised if the authorities found my dna on one of the arrows those natives used to kill that american explorer last week.replyshare9 likesthis is the problem with having an uneducated public. this and trump.replyshare7 likesno, this is what happens when you found and perpetuate a virulently racist society.  those jurors aren't stupid and they're not corrupt.  they know very well that young man could have been framed. just because they say there is dna under the finernails doesn't make it true.  they must have seen and heard things that made them suspicious. if he's really guilty it will be discovered in the next trial. if he's not, there is no justice nor safety in locking him up.replyshare2 likesthose jurors?  i'm betting it's probably just one.replyshare1 likebeing racist goes hand in hand with being ignorant.replyshareloud music often drives people insane and makes their dna go places it's never been before.replyshare5 likespeoples dna can end up in places that theyve never been.oh god, all hate towards lawyers is deserved.replyshare5 likesyes because black men have never been framed for anythingreplyshare4 likesframing was never raised in court, but ok.replyshare5 likeshave you read the transcript stephan?  if so then please explain to the rest of us how the defense explained the presence of the dna.  if not, how do you know the issue was never raised?replyshare2 likesshow 2 more repliesdna - his- in at least two places where it shouldnt be, physical evidence, confession, sure, i understand why they couldnt convict him. and brock turner got a lengthy sentence, zimmerman was really innocent, cops never shoot first and are found not guilty later, no man in the white house ever abused a woman, and roy moore likes them older than him.replyshare4 likesstupid people should not be permitted to serve on juries...replyshare3 likesor comment on websites...replyshare1 likeso why did u comment?replyshare1 likethis is a tough verdict to understand.  i will say here in nyc there is talk of the father somehow being involved  but its all rumor.replyshare3 likesif it's a rumor, why spread it here?replysharepoorly written article. i want to know more about what happened in the trial.replyshare2 likeswe are missing something here.....there must be more to this story.replyshare2 likesinept prosecutor or dumb jury?replyshare1 likecorruption.replysharei would be willing to be swayed by the coerced confession defense, but his dna under her fingernails, on her neck and phone??? seems to me she was trying to defend herself...replyshare1 likeblack jurors condone a "brutha" murdering a white woman? nothing new there. just ask oj.replyshare3 likescan't wait for the forensic files about this one.replysharesocial media and the main stream news continues to tell black women through various sites that black people are framed for crimes they haven't committed, the police harass black people for no reason and black people are in prison in high number  due to a racist system, it should not be a surprise when black women are jurors where black men are defendants and they could never come to a conviction.replyshareevidence?replyshare
## 65
i am not shocked by this.  women being killed by partners only make news if they are white (the woman and her daughters who was killed by her husband this summer made the news for weeks).  dr. o'neal's name was barely mentioned, we heard more about the cop.replyshare51 likescorrect.replyshare14 likesi see you tamara! rip.replyshare7 likeswhat's more shocking to me is he only got life in prison, didn't read the article or searched whether the state wherein he was convicted have the death penalty or not, but to murder your babies and their mother because you want to screw some other woman is hard to fathom. what's going on in a man's mind that would make him commit such atrocity???replyshare1 likeshow 2 more repliesmen are afraid that women will laugh at them. women are afraid that men will kill us.replyshare29 likeswell imo men would open up emotionally if woman would not hold over our heads for life.replyshare2 likesstop being a punk. sometimes a woman just ain't feeling you. let it go.replyshare3 likestoo much like gladys ricart. it's all jacked up. just another nut who couldn't handle a accomplished woman moving on.replyshare21 likesi knew that name gladys ricart sounded familiar.  tragicreplyshare6 likesyeah, the ex killed her on her wedding day, and tried to say that it was her fault during the trial.replyshare5 likeswith a history like that juan lopez must have done a real snow job on dr. o'neal to get her. and these types of men are masters of this. he probably hit her the "love bomb" technique, snowballing her into an engagement before she could get to know the real him. no matter, she saw enough and was smart enough to break it off. unfortunately, she may not have taken into account the cardinal rule: women are at their most vulnerable after leaving an abusive partner.replyshare9 likesagree.  too much good sex must have led her to accept then flipped when the raw side him showed.  but women should seriously consider given back the engagement ring asap, it's not worth your life.  what a waste.replyshare2 likesthat was a ridiculous response. as if all there is to men is "too much good sex"....ugh. and that the only reason he went after her was she must have kept the ring and if she had just given it back, that would have stopped this from happening. do you see how twisted that logic is and that it put a lot of the responsibility for this on the victim?replyshare17 likesi am reluctant to comment since i'm sure there'll be those who bash me as being against first-responders.  i am not.  i have relatives in law enforcement, but also in nursing.this article is spot on about the abundant praise first-responders receive while ignoring the other responders and the victims of gun crime.  yes, first-responders are brave and deserve praise.  but take a look at a  #stayinmylane.  it tells all you need to know about the praiseless work of doctors, nurses and healthcare staff whose work is just as brave and potentially traumatizing.  a talented doctor and a young pharmacy intern were killed in this incident along with the officer.  each provided safety and healing from gun violence only to become victims of gum crime themselves.   mourn them, praise them and remember them all.  equally.replyshare7 likesthis was the first thing that came to mind while watching the coverage as it unfolded that night.three others died that day.  four total.  not one more important or more deserving than the other...despite what the media thinks.replyshare7 likesexcept that the doctor was the primary target.replyshare12 likesand your point is?replyshare1 likeapparently, only blue lives matter.replyshare3 likesthe moment the shooting occurred, i was wondering about the motive. when it started coming out that it was a domestic violence issue, and dr. o'neal was the target -- sigghhhhhhhh -- i wasn't surprised, horribly enough. the lack of coverage of her murder, at the center of yet another mass shooting, though, is beyond painful and tone-deaf and all the rest.  the incredibly negligent lack of reporting that could and should connect the dots, over and over again, about the links between domestic abuse and mass shootings angers me. the news media has a great opportunity to educate people about these links (like huffpo just did, in this article)  - not only an opportunity but a responsibility.replyshare5 likesi read her story too. she was a wonderful person.replyshare4 likeswomen i know that have been told their new bf was abusive to his last gf blew it off as shes just jealous or thats only because she was crazy towards him. not every women talks crap about her ex just because, and sometimes theres a good reason, listen to them. abusers dont stop.replyshare4 likesmy condolences to dr. o'neal's family and loved ones.replyshare3 likeseven this article tells us little about dr. o'neal, how she lived her life, how she tried to get away, what measures she'd taken to protect herself, etc. her entire murder is buried beneath political messages whether police killing (for the right) or domestic violence (for the left).replyshare3 likesanother man that can't take no for an answer..... we answer with our lives!!replyshare2 likesso sad! these abusive men need to be thrown in jail for the first offense. its just a shame her life was cut short by a horrible person. ripreplyshare2 likestoo bad soft-on-crime and anti-civil-rights leftists / democrats are constantly pushing for more leniency in the criminal justice system and victim disarmament laws.replyshare1 liketry again, homeschool.replyshare1 likewhen this story broke the enlightened posters on hp were too busy saying the nra killed her....could care less about here was too busy pushing their political agenda.replyshare3 likesi was wondering why they didn,t mention herreplyshare2 likeswomens issues. they always call domestic violence, (and rape, sexual abuse, harrasment, stalking, etc), womens issues although they are almost invariably men. the nra and its minions in govt still dont want guns taken away from these perpetrators because, obviously, their right to bear arms is more important than the victims right to life. this is poor woman, a doctor working in the er, working to help people and save lives, loses her own life because members of her sex, (and her race), are not believed, protected, and cherished the way they should be. how often do you hear that a police officer has asked a woman what she did to set him off? a preacher tell a woman that she took a vow and needs to go back? a prosecutor ask for or judge give a light sentence so as not to ruin his life? how often is a woman just not believed? look at the white house alone?i read about this story when it first happened. i knew it was sparked by partner violence, but by the way it was written i thought the target lived, and that the two women killed were bystanders, and that the policeman was killed in the line duty. ...see morereplyshare1 likeunderestimated and marginalized pretty much the total african american experience in this coutry from day one.replyshare1 likebut what drove this poor marginalized  hispanic man to this point, you racist?replyshare3 likesa good guy with a gun being killed by a bad guy with a gun story has much more appeal to a white media-consuming audience than the story of a black woman being killed because she was in an abusive relationship.there was no clear-cut black vs white subtext to this story that would cause controversy and thus; sell more papers, interest more viewers, or get more clicks.when it comes to making money in the media, black lives don't matter, it's all about making money. the obligation to inform the public has long past, we are now in an age of sensationalism and infotainment.replyshare1 likeits a white world but it really is notreplyshare2 likesit's also disappointing that this article is the first time i've seen her referred to as doctor.replyshare1 likethis message was deleted.spam much?replysharethere is nothing masculine about that killing.toxic masculinity is not the same thing as toxic behavior and every crime committed by a man is not linked to masculinity.  this narrative needs to stop.replyshare1 likeum, this killing is kind of the definition of toxic masculinity.  a man who feels so entitled to a woman that he takes her life is often the man responsible for mass shootings which we, as a society, would rather not take place, right?  this narrative needs to be highlighted, as this article has done.  deepest condolences to the family of dr. tamara o'neal.replyshare2 likesmen will never chancge until woman change . what i mean by that is most woman once a man opens up she use that against him and talk crab about him and think less of him a s a man until that changes us men will not open up emotionally it is to risky .replysharesuch a sensitive little intel aren't you??replyshare1 like
## 66
france called. they want their statue back.replyshare71 likesthey can have it!replyshare18 likesyes comrade. time for you too exit america.replyshare27 likesi don't know.  seems like it's tall enough for certain science deniers to use to refute that fake gravity thing.  care to try?replyshare8 likesshow 16 more repliesmentally ill trump belongs in an asylum.replyshare48 likeshe needs a prison for the criminally insanereplyshare21 likesi was under the impression a president had to be smart.  i never in all of my years saw a person this stupid, ignorant, hateful and vile in the wh.replyshare27 likesyou must be 2 years old, otherwise you'd recall one barak obama.replyshare7 likesshow 19 more repliesanything to provide a distraction from his own f#ckups.replyshare46 likestrump will produce one rule after another until he has crushed his adversary just as he has done his entire life with lawsuits and legal delays until everything they have is depleted. barring barron and tiffany, i wish for every trump to experience hell-on-earth before departing to hell's true location!!!replyshare24 likeswhy spare them? they'll be just like the rest of the evil spawn. spot being so nice. they didn't spare the obama kids. today there's new rules to the game.replyshare7 likesthe media was very respectful of malia and sasha.  i recall their parents making that request before  obama inauguration.  hugely not a fan of anything trump, but i began this "administration" saying hands-off the spouse and minor children.  now...mrs. t is fair game but it's still hands-off barron...everything  about his posture says he is a troubled kid.  although i do find it very interesting that neither trump parent made that simple, specific direct request.replyshare2 likesshow 35 more repliesnothing is sadder than the hypocrisy of magats (who floated over here unwanted from their own countries) using the same hateful rhetoric that greeted their families when they got here.replyshare30 likesour contest is not only whether we ourselves shall be free, but whether there shall be left to mankind an asylum on earth for civil and religious liberty. - samuel adams our forefathers are rolling over in their graves...replyshare22 likesthese people (most) are looking for economic asylum and their isn't any such thing. they are welcome to get on the list of the millions who want to come here for a better life, but they need to do it lawfully. proof? mexico offered them opportunities to stay and it was reported that many said "no, the us is where the jobs are"replyshare6 likesjesus, frank. why cant you understand that they are trying to do it lawfully and trump wants to stop that?replyshare9 likesshow 9 more repliespsychopath trump wants your fear. he wants to strangle you with it so youll grant him the power to suspend your say in what his government can do to the brown menace that threatens everything american. hes doing it all for you, he says. hes seeking the dictatorship of the usa for you.replyshare28 likesand its mind blowing the number of people who have fallen for his con game.replyshare8 likesso will you open your home to some of these people? will you "job share"? are you willing to be paid less per hour? if you answer "no" then you are not impacted by the unlawful entry by thousands of poor job seekers who have low or no job skills.replyshare3 likes...job sharing.....being paid less? ha, ha, under our "right to work" for less society. i can't believe a conservative said that!replyshare4 likesshow 4 more repliesdoes this idiot just lay awake at night thinking of ways to make everyones life more miserable?  i cannot think of one positive thing he has done since becoming president...everything is negative or mean or to undo something obama did omto insult someone. god, it must be so tiring.  give it a rest and let us enjoy thanksgiving mr. grinch!replyshare17 likesyou're trying to tell a scottish terrier to give it a rest even though there are squirrels in the front yard.replyshare5 likesthanks for the chuckle, it was needed just now.replysharehow about low unemployment rate, over all as well as for latinos and americans of african ancestry?  how about securing the border.  how about reduction of people on food stamps? how about getting our nato partners to increase their spending for their own militaries to comply with what they agreed to?keep these folks in mexico until their asylum has been granted.  let mexico feed and shelter them not u.s. taxpayers.replysharetrump's plan is doa.asylum seekers forced to stay outside the us would no longer be under the jurisdiction of the us.congress specified the law clearly.trump is attempting to violate the law, once again.replyshare16 likesforeign nationals who apply for a normal visa are outside the u.s.  seems very reasonable to me.  they fill out the paper work and submit it to u.s. authorities and when it is granted they are allowed to enter the u.s.  most of these folks have rejected mexico's offer of asylum and so would not be qualified for asylum here.  if we released them inside the u.s. to wait for approval we'd never find them again.replyshareit should be fun seeing this get smacked down in the courts. if it makes it to the sc, wouldn't it be great if roberts is the one to put this to rest?replyshare17 likesif the federal law is clear, and trump clearly violates the law, even the conservative justices would have to vote against trump, if only to preserve the supreme court as an important body.replyshare11 likesabsolutely.  the two lower cocrt judges who have most recently ruled against him are trump appointees.replyshare6 likestrump also wants our military to be allowed to shoot at these people.  just disgusting is captain bone spurs.  the man is a  psychopath and needs to be removed from the office.replyshare11 likeswhats the visual difference between a foreign national with violent criminal history and one who is authentically in need of asylum?replyshareone has orange hair?replyshare8 likesi dont know. but do you know who does? the court at the ports of entry. thats how you determine the answer to your question. trump is bottlenecking the entire process. so the answer to your question is being curtailed by trump.replyshare5 likesshow 1 more repliesis this how trump and his venal mendacity tries to distract from his placing his personal finances over the death of an american resident? he has done this both with putin and mbs and china even when they paid him a bribe to keep zte in businessreplyshare10 likeswhich one of his evil henchmen dreamed this up? miller?replyshare10 likesevery time i see hateful rhetoric like this, my first thought is miller.replysharegood policy and fair too.replyshare
## 67
that manager needs to go! thank goodness that the customer was there, and witnessed what happened. he maybe talked some sense into her!replyshare98 likesi hope corporate mcdonald's gets involved.  all she did was escalate the situation. she needs to be terminated. why did she say "my store?"  is she the owner?  otherwise, she should have said, "our store."  of course she could be a grandiose narcissist. first clue - my people, my store, my staff instead of our people, our store, our staff . . .replyshare63 likesthat girl has no business being in contact with the general public!replyshare40 likesthey encourage that, it displays "ownership" of responsibility.replyshare6 likesshow 11 more repliesas a manager, when you hear "gun", if the next word that comes into your head isn't "police", you shouldn't be a manager.replyshare93 likeswell said. some people shouldnt be managers. some people shouldnt carry guns, either.replyshare35 likesof course that pitiful man would never have started the verbal altercation to begin with if he didn't have that gun as a security blanket.replyshare51 likesgood thing mn is not a stand your ground state, well, unless you are a cop that is.replyshare5 likeswhen a woman with a cell phone isn't available, sometimes you just gotta do what you gotta do. /sreplyshare4 likesexactly that's the whole problem with people carrying guns.replyshare8 likesshow 1 more repliesmost people in the world think americans are stupid. they are probably half right. the right half.replyshare48 likeswhy are they usually unattractive and portly?replyshare12 likesthe darkness within shines through. they would look quite average if they didn't radiate fear and hatred of others. sad, pathetic people but too dangerous to let walk loose.replyshare3 likesthis is the result of trump and fox convincing white people that people of color are to blame for all of their problems. its disgusting propaganda that leads to this type of unnecessary violence.replyshare42 likesi do blame this all on trump and racist fox news and racist right wing radio.replyshare30 likeswhen statics are racist...... smfh....replyshareo.m.g. no words for this one.replyshare32 likesnope. none.  just smhreplyshare15 likesracism is an american value.replyshare30 likesracism is an american virtue.replyshare7 likesracism has no type of value whatsoever!replyshare11 likesracism will never be extinguished. some people like to hate on others. some people like to use claims of racism as an opportunity. the extremes on the right and left love racism, they wouldn't know what to do without.replyshare1 likeapparently were now up to offwb: ordering fast food while black, as the latest transgression by a minority.replyshare23 likesthis message was deleted.she needs to be fired.  when a gun is pulled to want the kids to be safe and you call the police.  first thing.  manager must goreplyshare18 likesshe was protecting the deep fryer! won't somebody think of the mcnuggets? o the inhumanity!replyshare11 likesjust one more old deplorable confused white person. they're scared the world of leave it beaver has come and gone yet they're still here. how sad to be that old scared.replyshare23 likesso one more reason not to go to mcdonald`s.replyshare20 likesit's not only the food that's dangerous to your health !!replyshare12 likesi agree.  cant decide what is worse the horrible food or the guy with the gun.  i forgot the manager was dangerous too.replyshare11 likeshow could you forget?  its in the same comment.replyshareeden prairie is as white bread as it gets here in mn.  sadly, its proximity to the twin cities doesn't ameliorate the preponderance of "stoopid".  do your thing twitter and smoke all of these fools out of their hidey holes.  shine some much needed disinfecting light on these pitiful racists in our midst.replyshare16 likesdefinitely not a leader. no concern for anyones safety. her first thought should have been call the police.replyshare16 likesman should be arrested by pulling the gun, the manager should be fired. she should had called the police.  knowing the man had a gun you dont tell the kids to go outside where the man was with the gun.  mcdonalds do the right thing and take care of this.  what is wrong with america?  this is disgusting what i am seeing.  this is all because of trump and i am sick of it.  get rid of this racist trump and put an adult in as our president.replyshare16 likesim thinking this guy was a racist long before trump entered politics.replyshare8 likestrump gave them the freedom to express themselves in public and the republicans armed them. we have no idea how many mentally ill racists are running around this country with guns.replyshare12 likesi think we are starting to get an idea.  i have known quite a few racists in my life because most of the people i know are republicans and i got to the point where i just walked away.  i couldn't stand it anymore.replyshare8 likesif the roles were reversed, you can count on it that a black man who pulled out a gun would have been arrested or shot dead in the spot!replyshare16 likesyep.  if that manager even thought a black guy had a gun she wouldve been on the phone to 911.replyshare9 likes
## 68
guns make domestic violence much more deadly, sometimes for cops and innocent bystanders. because, you know, bearing arms was a god-given right in the 18th century, just like buying and selling slaves and denying women the vote.replyshare31 likesexactly !!replyshare5 likesbearing arms is, not was a right granted through the constitution.  just an fyi frank.replyshare3 likesread the 2nd amendment.  just an fyi chad.replyshare7 likesshow 34 more repliesi posted on here three weeks ago about a domestic abuser showing up at my work. he stood out front, high as kite looking into our business with the domestic violence victim working right behind me. i went to upper management to ask what is being done. i told them i wasn't happy with this situation. they told me if i didn't feel comfortable i should go home.i went home and never received a call. i went into the main office two days later and was asked by another manager if i wanted to work in another building. i accepted, on my second day back one of the supervisors was walking by the building i was working in. he came in and gave me a high five with a big smile and said " i'm glad to see your back, i can't believe they fired you" i said this is news to me. he then said "three managers filled out paperwork on me, they said you had a panic attack and stressed out and walked off the job" i was shocked. i got fired for asking what our company policies are on domestic abusers showing up at our place of business. the company is one of the largest employers in the country and is headquartered in california. the man/domestic abuser was not supposed to be on campus the victim had a restraining order on him.mangement said there is nothing they can do. i was also told by another higher manager "it's none of my business "this is the world we live in.replyshare10 likessorry to hear you had to go through that because you showed some common human concern and decency.replyshare6 likesi bet he wasn't a nra member either...replyshare5 likesfewer angry comments  because shooter wasn't white.replyshare5 likeshow d'ya know he wasn't 'white'? what, you sniff a 'non-white' thru the ether?what are you, btw? a legume?replyshare3 likesbecause for some odd reason, every other site besides huffpost, has a picture of him.replyshare1 likeit sad that people beat off to it when it a white guy .replyshareshow 1 more repliesit's very sad that according to the trump administration ,,,,,,there is no such thing as domestic violence ,,,,and most republicans believe that a women is at fault when being abused or killedreplyshare1 likenonsense. the trump administration as much as i hate trumpy the liar has said no such thing.replysharehere is the problem with these posts: we already have multiple laws on the books that say "domestic abusers who have been convicted in a court of law (key terms there are the six before this) are put on the nics list and forbidden to own firearms without the approval of a judge!"question: why the hell was this man not on the lists? could it just possibly be that he was never convicted in a court of law of domestic abuse?now the whole "she had an order of protection against him!" niggles because some states do have laws that say "if there is an order of protection against you, you again cannot own a firearm without the approval of a judge!"so... why was this not in the nics list and why did the ffl in question not notice it if it was if the firearm was bought from an ffl....see morereplyshare1 likehe probably wasn't convicted because no one believed her. that's how it usually happens. nine times out of ten the same people asking "why wasn't he in the system" are the same people who say "women lie to hurt men." society can't keep claiming women lie, ignore the actions of male abusers, and then scratch their heads when the abuser finally hurts people.replyshare1 likethis reminds me of gladys ricart.replyshare1 likethe constitution will be changed and most guns will be banned sooner, or later. what gun owners (like myself) think about it is not a deciding factor. it's a social and demographic evolution. eventually, the votes will be there. threats of violence, or actually violence over gun rights will simply speed up the inevitable, as will shootings in general.replyshare1 likethis wasn't a 'mass shooting', and you can be sure that the criminal was already a felon with an illegal gun.replyshare1 likeso you define "mass shootings" now? according to law enforcement definitions it was a mass shooting.replyshare1 likei don't understand  -- with his behavior issues towards females -- how did he make it through the academy?replysharehe didn't. he was accused of aggressive and improper conduct toward females at the academy, chicago fire department spokesman larry langford said. he was disciplined and terminated.replyshare4 likeschicago....a model for all places to follow.replyshare2 likesfeel better?replyshare6 likeswell, i would have sent thoughts and prayers....but no amount of prayer is going to fix chicago.replyshare3 likeswho exactly do you pray to?? trump doesn't qualify as a god, despite what you think.replyshare8 likesshow 11 more repliesi knew right away that he wasn't a white male because most of the leftist news media didn't show his picture, i.e huffpost, cnn etc.replysharetalking heads and writers know what butters their bread.  i am not saying domestic violence is not a problem but she is completely wrong.  most mass shootings are about politics, kids that were bullied at school. racism and disgruntled workers.  her income is based on women's issues so she has this point of view for financial reasons.  by the way most children and elderly people are abused by women.  that is also domestic violence but we don't talk about that.replyshare
## 69
poor  helpless little girl. i hope she recovers both physically and mentally. plus i hope someone picks up her babydoll out of the street. she's probably scared and really missing her dolly.replyshare17 likessupport stop and frisk, which cleaned up nyc and greatly lowered it's murder rate. if you you don't support stop and ftisk, stop whining about things like this.replyshare2 likeswhich the left wing mayor stopped. why is it that the democrats are always trying to punish the law abiding while aiding the criminals?replysharewhoo hoo!there's no such thing as the 4th amendment!go to russia, you'll love it there.replyshare2 likesshow 1 more repliesnow what are the gun nuts going to prescribe ?let me guess: more guns, arming every man woman, and child,bullett proof attire, or thoughts and prayers?replyshare9 likesstrict gun control has clearly worked in baltimorereplyshare4 likeslocal regulation is usless, when someone can pick up a gun, next door, and walk into a "gun free zone". we must have federal regulation!where the f is that "well regualted militia"?  shouldn't they be patrolling the streets for "illegal firearms"?  oh right, they are all legal, until they are not.replyshare11 likesmaryland has some of the toughest gun control laws in the country. the problem in baltimore  is that the politicians there so demeaned the police they do nothing.  there are open air drug markets, shootings and mayhem. nothing is going to change until the people living there decide they are tired of seeing these kinds of incidents.replyshare1 likeshow 9 more repliesthe violence and deaths in the inner citys is a direct correlation with saturated and easy accessibility of gunsreplyshare6 likesno it is not, it  is directly correlated with the behavior of the people there.replyshare6 likesif i hit report you disappear. wonderful feature.replysharewow you must feel all powerful then.replyshare1 likeshow 2 more replieswhy is it when a police officer shoots and kills someone we blame racism and the cop, but in civilian shootings we blame the gun?replyshare2 likesi am so glad you asked!!!because cops are supposed to protect us and civilians are not supposed to shoot people. if civilians didnt have guns, they would have a harder time murdering innocent people. just like in every other first world country.of course, sane rational facts will not fit your world view though so i am sure you will disagree.replysharebecause cops carry guns to defend and protect (yes i know it does not really work that way) civilians have no need to carry guns except at a shooting range.replysharethe right wingers go ballistic over any type of common sense gun law legislation. so why not put a severe irrevocable penalty for anyone that is in possession of or using a firearm in the commission of any crime?  this would allow the gun people to have their guns, no second amendment threat, but, use one in a crime, bam - life in prison or death penalty.replyshare3 likesnot sure that would work, because everyone using a gun thinks that they won't get caught.replysharemaryland has some of the toughest gun laws in the nation.  there are stiff penalties for the use of a firearm while committing a crime. but the justice system is a revolving door that out of some sick sense of social justice just lets these clowns back out to prey on the very people the politicians say they want to help.replyshare1 likestill going to have dead kids and shot up churches. got to stop it before the crime happens.replysharehorrible.  i'm so glad that this child is going to make a full recovery.  what are the city officials doing about this issue?  maybe the citizens need new leadership.replyshare2 likesso when are we going to be guaranteed the right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness per the constitution? just wondering.replyshare1 likethoughts and prayers!replyshare1 likepeas and carrots!  they'll do just as much good don't you think?replysharethese white neighborhoods are getting more dangerous every day- you guys were right.replyshare1 likedecriminalize all illegal drugs and treat addiction as a medical issue and this inner-city nightmare would end overnight.the only reason we continue the same failing war on drugs is because people make money off it.replyshare1 likedomestic terrorists.replysharethat poor family, this has to be pure hell. i've heard the nra is going broke, can't happen soon enough.replysharethe level of self hate and worthlessness that turns into anger toward others is epidemic.a country can only measure its prosperity when such acts are reduced and our innocents are safe.replysharewhere to live?  chicago, detroit, philadelphia, baltimore?  maybe billings, montana.replyshareyeah, billings, and get run down by your bigoted, drunk driving neighbor.replyshare2 likeswow the hate with you is strongreplyshare1 likethe horse is out of the barn and it aint never going back in.replyshareand this is why i avoid the major cities, nothing but garbage. this crap doesn't happen in my neck of the woods.replyshare until it does.replyshare4 likesbut it could, one nut with a gun, that's all it takes.replyshare1 like
## 7
i have always been grateful to my parents for not naming me jack.as a teacher, i despise parents who wreck their kids' lives and create permanent ridicule by giving them not a name---this isn't even a name---but a verbal noose around their neck that will ruin every attempt they ever make to introduce or identify themselves in this world. we need laws against this abuse.why in the world would parents do something like this to their kids? you are making life many times more hard for them then it has to be.time for alred y.this is simply a stupid parent lashing out at others; realizing what a huge mistake she made. take responsibility - and don't name your kids while dropping acid.this mother is dreaming if the name she gave her daughter is not open to public ridicule. just like she is free to name her daughter a made up name, people are open to mock the name itself.wow. so name your daughter in such a way that she'll have people always look at it oddly.what the employee did was wrong, but the parents have also destined their child to a lifetime of teachers and everyone else pausing when they see the name, struggling to read it and be polite and respectful, not to mention those who will not be respectful.1; that mother knew wth she was doing and sounds like she was asking for people to comment on her "special daughter". 2; the daughter may have a special name, but what does the addition of mentioning her epilepsy have anything to do with this article. the girl was not having an epileptic episode or a seizure, she was not noticably sick or anything.absolutely pointless. terrible people all around.i really thought there would be more comments questioning the wisdom of the mother for coming up with a name just asking for ridicule. we all have to live with the name given to us by our parents. this little girl deserved better.
## 70
looks like the new "tradition" will be registering as a sex offender for life and avoiding parental asset forfeiture. go team!replyshare21 likesthis story is funny.cos in australia our hazing wasnt to such profane things. i mean most we did was shaved our mates with a reverse moehawk or bald and shaved their eyebrows when they passed out drunk.replyshare3 likeshow is being raped with a broomstick funny ?replyshare7 likesnot sure how you do things in oz, but rape ain't funny bud.replyshare4 likesshow 2 more repliesi blame coaches and the entire high school football frenzy with crazy parents included. this stuff has gone on for decades in high school football. our children who want to participate in sports should not ever have to be exposed to this violence.replyshare22 likesabsolutely, nancy!replyshare8 likesthey are the first line to turn their eyes away from these 'pranks' and then say they didn't know when someone gets hurt or dies.  it's wrong, it's unnecessary and it needs to stop!replyshare6 likesmaybe shutting down this school's football program for 10 years will get the attention of the parents of the kids in this school.replyshare14 likesshow 1 more repliesadult crime deserves adult punishment.  15 year olds know what they were doing was wrong.replyshare14 likesevery last asset and penny their parents possess should be forfeited. my son played hs football and while far from a "super mom" i didn't raise a monster. sentence them as adults, and sue the parents for everything, down to the dirty socks in their hampers.replyshare12 likesas long as i live i will never understand things like this. what is going on in the head of someone who would commit this type of violent attack.replyshare12 likesrapists rape. people don't want to call these young kavanaughs what they are.replyshare10 likesbeing told you face charges where you could go to jail for the rest of your life is pretty darn intimidating.  no, nope, no. intimidating is being sodomized in the dark you clueless dunce.replyshare7 likesis crap like this is why i dont care to cultivate group affiliations. get more than three dudes in a room and lord of the flies is inevitable.replyshare6 likesthat is so horrible.  in the crazy mad rush to have your kids excel at sports parents appear to have forgotten to teach morals, kindness, courtesy, respect, etc.  one wonders is sports more important than morals.replyshare5 likessadly, these boys deserve everything that will befall them.  their victims will bear the scars of this painful betrayal for the rest of their lives.  there is no compensation for them.  in some sense the perpetrators are victims themselves of a sick culture that could condone and pass on such a perverse ritual.  shame on them, their parents and those that came before them.  i hope that more victims will come forward to name their tormentors from the past.replyshare5 likesyeah, this isn't "hazing" or "bullying", this is sexual assault, male on male rape.replyshare4 likesi am sure the coach will play the trump card and deny any knowledge ,,,,,then attempt to shift blame on the victims ,replyshare4 likesi hope they throw these monsters and their parents in prison with the general population for life!friggin' red state mutants!!replyshare3 likesthat is awful. i think i'd sue.replyshare2 likessuing only brings some financial benefit but some of these boys will carry this emotionally for the rest of their lives.  this will be in their memories forever.  they will struggle with feeling used, like trash, being abuse, feeling inadequate and a host of other psychological issues that most will not see or think about or write off as something they need to deal with.  these are serious, very serious, 'pranks' that must stop!replyshare3 likesdo any of these high school jocks realize howgay they seem if you really think about it?replyshare2 likesin my state they called sexually violent preditors this is a very clear thing. watched at all times for life.replyshare1 likefuture serial killers.replyshare1 likesounds like prison.  that could cause serious health problems or death.  would anyone blame a parent of a victim who killed one of these abusers?replyshare1 likechristian values in america!replyshare3 likeswell both jesus and these kids got wood.differently but still.both got wood.replyshare1 likeyou are a really sick person.replyshare1 likei heard of it in the past with other incidents.replyshareno one deserves a broomstick in the corn hole.replysharehigh school football is just another word for traumatic brain injury. its not academic and wastes scarce education money. get rid of it.replysharenothing to do with male culture, sounds like a repressed gay dudereplyshare1 likedid you not read it was a group of the older players, not some lone rapey jock?replysharekevin who cares? no one on the fugg post seems to?  the truth and facts on this internet site are abhorrent .fuggington post has become the fox news for millennialsreplyshare... says the no picture fake account...replyshareshow 1 more repliesit is very disturbing. do i blame those who made a conscious decision to assault another person... damn right i do! but i have to wonder what is going to happen to those who went before. we have to remember that the perpetrator said "it's tradition".what has the school done... what is it planning to do to stop this disgusting "tradition"replyshareall the idiotic feminazies on the thuggington post cry "toxic masculinity" i say no! this dude just loves the fella's and cant admit it.sometimes a cigar is just a cigar girlsreplyshareoh, my aren't you the clever one. two degrading names for the huff post.why don't you just leave?replyshareprojection by reel from the time when he was a high school football player? the level of his condescension certainly suggests deep-seated insecurities, as does his fascination with name-calling labels. could be another stable genius...?replyshareyesreplyshare
## 71
i'm glad there will be an investigation.  i immediately thought this was a setup.  cops on a power trip in ohio.  enough said.replyshare31 likesgood ole cop with that  higher standards they are alway screaming at us. but when we see police in actiions with real citizens they are showing that citizen who the boss is. if  in war would have acted like some of them. we would be in jail....from a veteranreplyshare8 likesany day there is an investigation of corrupt cops is a good day. the right to have a badge and a gun carries heavy responsibility and accountability. cops unwilling to account for their actions need to be banned from serving in any precinct in the us.replyshare28 likesguess the art of thuggery and trumpian mafiosa tactics is finally meeting its match.replyshare20 likes"who claims to have had an affair with donald trump a decade before he was elected president"it's not a claim. it's a fact. one that both parties have admitted to.replyshare20 likesthe republican senators keep trying to diminish avenatti, while avenatti continues to assault theircorruption.replyshare15 likesgood!replyshare13 likestrumpharassment is atually a thing.replyshare13 likesher arrest was no mistake. given the corruption in this wh, it has trump and cohen's name written all over it!replyshare13 likesthis police department is similar to most police departments across the country. corrupt. petty and liars.replyshare10 likesyet if you were in danger the first people you would call are...replysharesomeone you could trust with a gun.i have 20 of them they were in my unit.we don't need no stinkin badges.replyshare9 likesi hope that works out well for you, mark.  good luck with that.  hopefully someone is there after you all kill yourselves to call the police.replyshare1 likeshow 8 more repliesavenatti is a one man wrecking crew.replyshare6 likesif only the democratic congress had the balls avenatti does.replyshare5 likesbad phrasing. it's not a democratic congress when republicans are in charge.replyshare6 likestell him, tim! he may be talking about the one after the midterm.replyshare4 likesthe fbi, want to know who was behind it all, and if the harassment was being directed by and from inside of the white house, to smear and try to destroy stormy daniels. as i suspect it is the main reason behind this investigation.replyshare4 likesnow you see what a police state looks like.replyshare4 likesshe is lucky she didn't get killed.replyshare2 likesshe is white, remember?replyshare3 likesthis message was deleted.this message was deleted.this message was deleted.statistically, black people, who account for a much smaller percentage of the population are gunned down at a much higher rate than white people.  google the stats on that.replyshareshow 1 more repliesand they should! in more than 99% or police misconduct reports, the columbus police find no wrongdoing on the part of the officers! the columbus police are corrupt and they have been corrupt for a very long time!replyshare4 likespolice abusing their power goes on all day, every day, everywhere. this is like polishing clean a grain of sand, in the sahara.replyshare2 likesfor many years movies and tv shows made internal affairs divisions look bad, a bunch of rats trying to derail true heroes out of resentment and jealousy. now i'm a fan of ia.replyshare2 likesthis message was deleted.make that most bad and violent cops are trumpateers and i will agree with you.replyshare3 likesi wouldn't mess with stormy. would you?!replyshare2 likestrumpsters, i presume.replyshare1 likei think the nom de jour is 'trumptards'replyshare4 likesbut, but the police are our friends....replyshare1 likeburn them, burn them.replyshareand when you play with fire chances are that you will get burned....maybe !replyshareuntil we, as a people, figure out how to create a balanced police force, this will continue to happen.most police officers, probably all, are conservatives. many of them are racists and many of them use steroids. we need to re-create the job of the 'police officer' to reflect what america is, not what republicans are. 'to protect and serve', not to 'frighten and unnerve'.replysharethey just wanted selfies with her.replyshareno i think they just wanted to motorboat her 
## 72
he should get paid leave. until the investigation is over. then he should be fired. all he did was abuse his position. when police do it they get paid leave and that's it. all i'm asking for is equality.replyshare23 likesa poor comparison between the private and public sectors. most of the private sector doesnt have unions protecting criminals.replyshare5 likesyou, sir, win the internet. mr. hockaday's defense should be that he "feared for safety." i know i fear for my safety every time a cop is in my presence.replyshare11 likesand then get rehired in the next county.replyshare1 likeoh well, as the reps like to say it was just boys being boys  . no biggie. ha.replyshare14 likesthe officer probably didnt smell anything because they would have put a lid on the drink seeing a how he went through the drive thru.  my question really is why the coworker wasnt fired and charged as well.  they were complicit because evidently they knew what he did.replyshare6 likesfirst, how did the cop not notice the taste?  second, the kid probably bragged that he did it so they told. actually, there is no proof that the kid actually did it.replyshare2 likespoint well taken.  was he fired and arrested on co-workers word alone?replyshare2 likesis this white on white crime?replyshare5 likesi think it's considered white on blue crime                                                                     i'm curious what the possible penalty would be for spiking a regular customers's drink instead of a 'law enforcement officer'replyshare2 likesnothing. the da would drop it. but you could sue mickeyds. .replyshare2 likeshe should be arrested for that hair cut alonereplyshare4 likesis this eric trump with a wig?this is horrible.replyshare2 likes20 years for that seems ridiculousreplyshare3 likesit was against an oppressed and downtrodden police officer.replyshareand the cop couldnt taste the peroxide? talk about burnt out taste buds. however, that mcd guy should have been arrested just for 1st degree felony bad haircut... almost as bad as felony man-bun.replyshare2 likesthey did not smell or taste the cleaning fluid?all the defense has to do is put the cleaning fluid in a drink than hand to the jury. show that you can smell it.replyshare2 likesyes, that seems rather odd. every cleaning solution that i know of smells very strongly.replyshare1 likedennis, not with a plastic cap on it . you dont smell a lot through a straw.replyshare1 likei used to use peroxide as a dental rinse.  you can taste it.replyshare1 likestriking out at a profession tells you where the state of the country is. this was stupid and criminal.replyshare1 like20 years for a prank seems way extreme. there was no way it would do anything but make the cop sick.replyshareblue lives matter.replyshare1 likewhat do you expect from a kansas citizen, after all, brownback was elected governor of kansas twicereplyshareyou're not one to stereotype, are you?replyshare
## 73
why haven't the white community leaders come out to condemn this attack?  where is laura ingraham, hannity or all the rich mega preachers from texas?replyshare29 likesthe shooter was white. they have to come up with a reason that will blame someone else. it might take a day or two.replyshare17 likesand why they will never label it as terrorism.replyshare3 likesthey're probably worn out painting the would-be pipe bomber as anything but a hateful racist.replyshare1 likeshow 24 more repliesi finally realized that president trump and evangelicals backed by republicans have unleashed the darkest part of man.  there is no going back now.  it has started with the president, evangelicals, conservatives, white supremacists, and republicans demonetization, the us against them mentality, random violence against lgbtq people, minorities, immigrants, the poor, the disabled,  jewish people, mexicans, blacks, and other vulnerable individuals and groups of people.  then you will see more systematic acts of violence until whole groups of people will be targeted.  tragically our leader has a following that has started committing these  heinous acts.the genie is out of the bottle and the most powerful nation in the world is now becoming the most brutal country in the world.we are beyond the end of our democracy, our republic, we are now a violent theocratic state with a dictator supported by a religion that lacks morality and decency.   our enemies may regret what any interference has helped stoked.replyshare21 likes""in no instance have . . . the churches been guardians of the liberties of the people."james madisonreplyshare17 likesi am for freedom of religion, and against all maneuvres to bring about a legal ascendancy of one sect over another. thomas jeffersonreplyshare3 likesmillions of innocent men, women and children, since the introduction of christianity, have been burnt, tortured, fined, imprisoned; yet we have not advanced an inch towards uniformity. what has been the effect of coercion? to make one half the world fools, and the other half hypocrites. to support roguery and error all over the earth." - thomas jefferson, from "notes on virginia"replyshare2 likesshow 1 more repliesreligious leaders have no place condemning "hate in this world".  religion is part of the problem.replyshare15 likesi would disagree to a point. religious zealots are part of the problem,replyshare8 likesreally?  look at the christian right's leaders who support trump then get back to me!replyshare6 likesthe religious right are zealots.replyshare7 likesshow 2 more repliesthese religious leaders need to speak against the hate, and fear being preached daily by the president of the united states.   any supporting trump should ask god for forgiveness.replyshare9 likeshundreds of religious leaders do speak out.  however it does not make the news.  who would turn in watch a non-violent do nothing speech about peace and love?  anyone?  no one i know.  we are only riveting to the tv and media when something awful happens.replyshare2 likesdo they speak directly against the hate, and fear being preached daily by the president of the united states.if so send me one article, written, or tape, where a evangelical preacher that has taken a stand against trumps hate speech.replyshare1 likelook up rev. barber a black evangelical., (don't recall first name)replyshareshow 1 more repliesevangelicals, who continue to worship trump, are loving it. instead of saying "amen", they now also say "maga".replyshare6 likesi just read on cnn that the shooter's social media posts indicated his belief that jews were transporting the members of the dreaded honduran caravan. which means that the blood of those people is on 45's hands.replyshare5 likesreligious institutions like the evangelical southern baptist, a political arm of the republican party, now white nationalist party,  must be held directly responsible for the moral decay of america. why is it news when these so called religious organizations condemn events like today? the southern baptist supports the nra that evil institution responsible for flooding our streets with guns. hypocrites.replyshare4 likesso...the biggest propagators of hate, the religious cartels, condemn hatred and violence.  look in the mirror.replyshare4 likes"history i believe furnishes no example of a priest-ridden people maintaining a free civil government. this marks the lowest grade of ignorance, of which their political as well as religious leaders will always avail themselves for their own purpose." - thomas jefferson to baron von humboldt, 1813replyshare1 likejefferson enslaved people his damned selfreplysharethere are gradations, tyler. every religion has its zealots. i am not a person of faith, but i recognize some positives. imagine what some people would do if not constrained by their (admittedly manufactured) religious beliefs.replysharelittle late to start acting godly considering a bulk of christians and all evangelical cult members voted for the piece of garbage invading  the people's whitehouse.replyshare3 likesamerican christian evangelicals support trump and his hateful, violent rhetoric because ... "they know he isn't a choirboy but they believe in his policies" ...replyshare3 likeswhere are american christian " leaders" their silence is defining.replyshare2 likes-45 supporting evangies have blood on their hands.replyshare2 likesif the slaughter of little children in ct didnt move the politicians to action, this latest tragedy will not.  remember, after the deadliest attack on jews in american history, their president went off to a campaign rally, to attack his political enemies. it would be nice if he gave up his weekend golf while the nation mourns.replyshare2 likesand we, the tax payers are footing the bill for him to fly all over the country spreading his vitriol.  i wonder how much this has cost us so far.replyshare1 likei also condemn hate and murder and support kindness and comraderie.replyshare1 likewhere are the televangelists and so-called evangelicals? why aren't they out front condemning the act? where's pat roberts and graham? are they cool this sort of thing? where is their condemnation of the "maga bomber"?replyshare1 likehas fox news come out and claim this an act of terrorism?replyshare1 likedo pigsfly?replyshare3 likesaccurate sentiment. but lets get lawful here! magamurderers suffering gun addiction need treatment. if they are in terrorist groups advocating for a gun-addiction mainlining of this deadly equipment, why are they on the street and not in treatment by law?    we dont let violent heroin addicts threaten & murder people. whats with the double standard for these old white scared anxiety disorder cases advocating violence openly? get them help!replyshare1 likei am still waiting for any white news like fox or breitbart or the president call this an act of terror and bowers called a terrorist.   i want to hear those words.  why won't they say them?replyshare1 likethis is what happens when you have a person in office that uses fear and hate to keep us divided.replysharereligious leaders, blah, blah blah.replyshare
## 74
another case of white male privilege.replyshare107 likesi was coming to say just that, but you beat me to it.replyshare19 likeslocke, coming is so ironic in your post.replyshareand.........."beat me" ?replyshareshow 4 more repliesthis will give him an opportunity to work on being a better husband and a better father?! if you're lucky to still have a family after this, i sure couldn't have him around after doing something like that!replyshare66 likesi have a feeling his wife is no stranger to his penchant for violence.replyshare45 likesgood point, probably not. :(replyshare1 likei was also alarmed by this idea.replyshare14 likesshow 3 more repliescan you imagine if he were not white?  life in prison.replyshare52 likesor if she would have been a white woman...replyshare5 likes"expert analysis that schneider is unlikely to re-offend. "..................right because his first crime was so spectacular, there's no way he can top it?!?!replyshare44 likesthat was funny!replyshare4 likesseriously. this could have been the practice run for something worse next time, when hell know what mistakes not to make. leave no evidence (dna), and dead victims dont talk.replyshare17 likesthis is precisely why kavanaugh is being 'shoved thru' to sit on the scotus bench. the gop is about to teach women what's what and who's who.replyshare36 likesi've been worried that this was blowback since i read an article titled "the death of macho" after the economic collapse.replyshare3 likesi wasn't aware that a grand jury's four felony indictments should be ignored because you think the perpetrator will not re-offend. what about being held accountable for the actual crime?this a joke and the aada should be removed from office.replyshare32 likesi guess this guy just needs to do his choking and ejaculating with an ankle bracelet on.what a heinous set of crimes!  i guess the law in alaska is waiting for murder before they properly punish him.  he could have killed the woman he choked! he threatened to kill her! he just might give them what they're waiting for.how can anybody conclude they he's not likely to re-offend?  was he given a miracle cure for evil monster disease?the people involved in his assessment and sentencing are also sick, and are endangering the public by letting this guy walk free.  i hope alaskans realize this.  i don't know if their problem is racism, misogyny or both, but i consider these irrational hatreds illnesses.replyshare29 likesphysical contact with bodily fluid such as semen is not considered a sex crime in alaska, according to the statement.ejaculating on somebody who is unconscious should be considered a sex crime, no?replyshare25 likesif he was black they'd be calling for the death penalty and probably put him away for 40 years. but he's white and alaska mostly votes very conservative... remember someone named palin? so there you have it. white privilege and misogyny rolled into a neat little package.replyshare21 likes..and racism, per the article the woman was an alaska native.replyshare9 likesracism at its most vile, short of rewarding him.replyshare16 likesimagine if it had been a native american man kidnapping a white woman..replyshare15 likeswe will be hearing about him in the future when women go missing. whoever's decision this was needs to be removed from the bench,replyshare12 likesit was the ada who agreed to this although i'm sure a judge did have to ultimately approve itreplyshare2 likesthis message was deleted.most men are not like this.  what is worrisome is that so many decent men close their eyes and pretend that this is normal. that is the part i do not understand. maybe they are incapable of placing themselves in another's shoes.  maybe they need to ask themselves one question: would i allow my daughter,wife, or sister to be alone with this guy?replysharethis is not the norm for men, unfortunately these types have been at the forefront lately.replysharethe injustice of this man walking the streets free is a crime against all women.replyshare10 likeswell, i can cross alaska off my to-do list.   im making a list as to where women are treated with respect that i might want to visit...my world is getting smaller and smaller...replyshare9 likescome visit taiwan!  we have great food, lots of night markets, parks and temples, and i've never felt safer than i do here :)replyshare2 likesyou're crossing alaska off of your list because of a sex crime by an insane maniac?  (eyeroll)not sure where you live, but any kind of sexual predator database search should tell you that you need to move.replysharenot because of the crime, but because of the reaction too it.  bascially they are saying what he did is nothing, unimportant, a little blip on his record.replysharethis insanely light sentence made no sense until we got the description of the victim as a 'alaskan native woman.'   by the way, to the assistant da who describes the loss of schneiders job as 'a 'life sentence'.  you need to lose your job, and then you'll know that it isn't.replyshare9 likesi know, i cannot beleive he said that.  the woman is the one with the life sentence.  she will never forget this and she has to contend with the fact the guy walked.  no jail time.  that makes it worse because it says what he did to her didn't matter.  what matters is how this effects his life and they want to make sure that he has as little pain as possible.replysharenext time he'll kill the victimreplyshare9 likesyep....  with the mindset that all be well if they can't find the body.  ugh.replyshare4 likesmen protecting neanderthal menreplyshare8 likesthe only thing that would have made him a worse person, husband, and father is if he'd actually succeeded in choking her to death before he jerked off on her dead body.replyshare8 likeshe easily could've killed her. i've read where, due to swelling, a strangulation victim can actually die up at some point up to 3 days after the event. i have a bad feeling at some point he is going to do this again - and he is going to kill someone. he should've been put on the so list so le could keep a closer eye on himreplyshare4 likes
## 75
sorry but our immediate threat to us is the gang problem already here and has been here for decades. get the guard after them, raid their homes or whatever and charge them with the ricoh act. these are home grown terrorists, i do not care what color they are either.replyshare10 likesif you don't care about color why did you immediately associate the fact that the victims are black with a "gang problem"?replyshare5 likeshope street is in kensington. an area with high gang violence so the chances are pretty good.replyshare2 likesthis incident happened on hope street in olney, not in kensington.replyshare1 likeshow 4 more repliescant go trick or treating without getting shot. cant worship in church or temple without getting shot. cant do yoga without getting shot. cant go to school without getting shot. cant go shopping without getting shot. im starting to see a pattern here.replyshare7 likesbut, but those people from south america. oh, wait the terrorists are already here and they are white.replyshare6 likesthis is sad, but when my kids were that age, 25 years ago, we had to check all their candy for pins and razor blades, and nutcases were putting poison in tylenol bottles. so hate has always been with us.replyshare5 likesnever been a confirmed incidence of pins or razor blades in candy.replysharenice story,,,marshfield, mass. marshfield police are warning residents to inspect their childrens halloween candy after needles were found in packages of twizzlers.police said thursday that sewing needles were found in two separate packages of twizzlers twists that were given to a 3-year-old boy.replyshare2 likesit is old hat but let me repeat it again. there are too many guns in the hands of criminals. the only unfortunate way to solve this is by taking the guns away from everyone.  there is really no other solution. if there is i like to hear it. thank you.replyshare5 likesright wing solution: have armed guards at every home throughout the city.replyshare2 likesguns, poverty, and education limits are what causes this. until americans fix these easily fixable problems this will continue to happen. poverty and low education are the two things religions need to survive so look at these problems and realise the reason why separation of church and state is so important. if the advocates for having religion  are in charge you get betsy devos and steve minuchin, then the usa becomes the christian version of the middle-east and you see how under developed their infrastructure is and how few rights they have, especially the women.replyshare2 likesthings are really going to hell in a hand basket in this country, hot damn!! is nothing sacred?replyshare1 likespraying a street with bullets and hitting kids should be illegal.replyshare2 likeswhen moses wrote the constitution, he said, "god gave us the right to fire at will".  ask a texas school board member.replyshare6 likesexactly like when the germans bombed pearl harborreplyshare3 likesyou must be a bot because your last post conflicts with your first post, unless, of course, your first post was sarcastic, then both would make perfect sense (german bombing reference is slightly amusing) but youre still a bot.replyshareshow 1 more repliessomebody needs to explain how two men getting out of the same car and shooting the kids is considered "crossfire".  if the two men were shooting at each other, and the kids were shot, that would be crossfire.  crossfire implies you are not the target, yet it seems these kids were the target.replyshare1 likethe men were not shooting at each other; they were shooting at someone in the street who was in the line of fire beyond the children.replyshare4 likesthanks.  i read the article again.  it also said that reporters found shell casings, which implies the reporters got there before the police.  i hope they were smart reporters.replysharecops are only in a hurry when some white lady is calling the cops on black people for doing something normal in public.replyshare2 likesshow 3 more replieswhite neighborhoods are too dangerous to go trick or treating.replyshare1 likeall neighborhoods are getting to dangerous for any one to indulge in outside activities.replyshare1 likewhere did this poster mention the shooters or gangs as being black?  she stated that she did not care what color they were.replyshare2 likescaught in the crossfire? who were they shooting at? my sad assumption is that it was proud boys shooting at children for being black and there is nothing in the story to contradict that.replysharethat is a pretty sad assumption. how many people have been gunned down in the streets, by "the proud boys"? now how many people have been gunned down in the street, by inner city gangs, in philadelphia alone? it's not about race, there are gangs and gang members of ever race.replyshare3 likesyeah, but mass shooters tend to be white.replyshareyeah, but this wasn't a "mass shooting".replyshare2 likesjesus has left the building...replysharecan you imagine what childhood is going to be like, now that children have been the targeted victims of a shooting, while they were trick-or-treating? children will not get to experience the joy of getting candy treats from their neighbours while experiencing the anonymity of wearing costumes! this is going to affect many children in the philadelphia area, and only for ill reasons. children getting shot is never a good thing, but getting shot on halloween is just about the worst time imaginable! and now it's going to be doubly worse because parents, in a pique of over-caution are not going to let their children go trick-or-treating by themselves anymore.replysharegabriel i never referenced any color of any gang. unfortunately gangs come in all colorsreplyshareso.... trick?replyshare
## 76
people who are that angry should just smoke weed and chill out.replyshare16 likeshave the repubs started the thoughts and prayers parade yet?replyshare10 likesoh a special day in in amerigunica. two mass shootings in one day.  how nice. notreplyshare9 likesthat's the same as we have had here in australia in the last 20 years.  usa is #1!replyshare4 likesaustralia should be looked upon as the model for how to handle gun control in the united states.replyshare5 likesyes, if the us did not have the 2nd amendment and wanted forced buybacks of firearms.replyshare2 likesshow 4 more repliesfourth mass shooting this week.replyshare8 likesthis is something that cannot occur in our community.sorry, sir, but no community in america can be excluded from such occurrences. it's the price you pay for allowing guns. it's like car ownership, the price you pay is car accidents. do people really think that there are no consequences. shame, shame.replyshare6 likesi guess the solution to gun violence is more guns i think not.replyshare5 likesisnt that three mass shootings in three days?replyshare4 likesfour shootings in two days.replyshare1 liketwo mass shootings in one day.replyshare2 likesnra contributions to republicans in congressrichard burr$6,986,620 roy blunt$4,551,146thom tillis$4,418,012...see morereplyshare2 likesjust another american exercising their god given 2nd amendment rightsreplyshare2 likesnow the nras position will remain:its too soon to talk about gun violence. therere arent enough good guys with guns.guns dont kill people, people kill people.the second amendment gives the right for us citizens to bear arms (with no regard for the militia clause).the right to bear arms exceeds all other rights like the right of life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.the right to bear arms shall not be infringed (try to buy a machine gun, a sam, a napalm bomb, an armed hand gernade, etc).replyshare2 likesanother day in paradise ....thoughts and prayers ....replysharethursday in the delusional state of gumurica.replyshareyeah shooting victims often end up in a hospital.  thanks for that newsflash.replysharenot a single word about the shooter!replyshare
## 77
administrative leave?!?!  stealing is a crime and he should be in jail.replyshare27 likesthere are procedures for things.  first you get charged with a crime, as he has been, then you go to court and if convicted you go to prison.  same thing with jobs, at least decent ones.  if you are accused of something, they make sure it is all correct before acting, thus preventing future lawsuits resulting from kneejerk reactions.replyshare3 likesthank you atticus finch.  i see in your legal studies you did not learn hyperbole.replyshareand you haven't learned what a hyperbole actually is.  i am an english teacher, and i can tell you that you have not used one.replyshareshow 3 more replieswhat is it about florida?replyshare17 likesit's the "gatorade" from the everglades.replyshare5 likesmust be that green algae in their water.replyshare1 likethere are no thieves in your state?  crime free is it?replyshareshow 1 more repliesstealing money from challenged grade schoolers. stealing elections. what's next florida?replyshare12 likesnow i see why they vote for don the conreplyshare12 likesand of course, a public records search shows edward john abernathy being a registered republican.replyshare10 likes91k not including benefits. wow!  fl!replyshare8 likesdeplorable.replyshare8 likesanyone who been to indonesia knows canning, thats what this guy needs.replyshare6 likesthen they will put him on the shelf in the pantry right next to this summer's tomatoes...replyshare5 likesthat $900 cost him $91,112, probably 4 months in jail, attorney and court costs and a civil suit for the $900 plus punitive damages. how dumb can you get?replyshare4 likesits florida. real dumb.replyshare1 likewas he financing a new wing on his double wide? or just going on a booze or meth bender?replyshare3 likesthat's just crazy.  he makes a decent living, and to throw it away for $900.  he'll be fired and convicted once it goes through the system.replyshare2 likesi'll bet that abernathy is a trump supporting republicans--lie, cheat and steal is what they do best.replyshare2 likesobviously a trump supporter who will replace john kelley in the white house.  he is the type of man republicans love and give administrative jobs to. (crooks, criminals, wife beaters, pedophiles, perverts, dead pimps and felons).replyshare2 likeshe's lower than a snake's belly in a wagon rut.replyshare2 likesi let out a sigh of relief when i saw that he was from my high school!that being said, he should be fired and in jail for theft!replyshare2 likeswanna bet he voted for trump?replyshare1 liketodd you forgot about the rights of allreplyshare
## 78
perfect illustration of the double standard and the downplayinfication of racism when it's concern murder of black body.  so sickeningreplyshare17 likesi am confused if you shoot a person of color in the back right after you tried to enter a black church why is there any questions you were motivated by hate?replyshare13 likesstill have to get ky jury to convict of hate crime. given who they keep electing i am not so sure it will stickreplyshare5 likesinvestigated? they took no time to claim the synagogue shootings as one!replyshare12 likesblack don't matter, wonder why we feel that wayreplyshare9 likesthe crime here is domestic terrorism. let's start calling these crimes what they really are.replyshare11 likeskroger killings investigated as hate crime.ya think??!!that is allreplyshare8 likesgee.....do ya think?replyshare5 likeshate crime=terrorism, that is the what we call terrorism.cause we do not want to lable the right as what they truly are terrorists and supporters of terrorism.replyshare5 likesthey had to investigate? who are they kidding? no it was just a matter of mistaken identity. the shooter just intended to make a visit and the gun went off accidentally. of course this was racially motivated. if you question the motives in order to diminish the severity you are the same as the guy holding the gun.replyshare4 likesthere is a lot to investigate because a white man cannot be such an openly racist murderer. it is pure coincidence that be bypassed white patrons and accidentally randomly shot the only black people he crossed path. that's all. black and brown people you can believe them to be wanton murderers and bigots but not white people...replyshare4 likeswhy is it so difficult for white southerners to admit they're racists?  i don't get it.  they did the same thing with dylan roof.   just so you know, black folks don't go to church empty-handed anymore.replyshare2 likesthat is a really stupid statement on your part. not all southerners are racist, and it is irresponsible of you to say that.   you really should think about what you are  saying before you spray your hate in the comment section.replyshare1 likei know that mitch mcconnell isnt up for re-election this time but, for whatever reason, mcconnell must be trying to shed his reputation as a racist just before the upcoming mid-term elections.replyshare1 likeduh....replyshare1 likeseriously, they are reviewing the case. he first tries to get into a black church but is turned away and then goes to a grocery store and guns down two blacks. when confronted by a white guy with a gun, he says "whites don't shoot whites". this isn't rocket science. anybody with a fraction of a brain cell can see this was a hate crime.replyshareif these arent definitions of hate crimes, i dont know what a hate crime is, senate majority leader mitch mcconnell (r-ky.) said monday.he said this right after chastising trump for his inflammatory rhetoric.... just kidding, he'll never do that.replysharewell he can discuss his hatred for people of color while in prison.  i'm sure he'll find allllllll the people he love to hate, ready to have a meaningful "prison style symposium" with him.replysharewas he feeling love in his heart when he shot random black peoplereplysharenot trying to be insensitive, but i do not understand why we have a separate classification of murder based on hate.  what the heck does that have to do with anything.  if someone is killed because someone wanted their money versus the fact that didn't like the color of their skin, what difference does it make?  the person is still dead and the perpetrator is still just as guilty for taking that life.it just seems like a stupid concept.replyshare
## 79
it's called wealthy, preppy white male justice. hell,  in a couple decades he could be a supreme court justice!replyshare47 likesexactly.replyshare7 likeshe is on track for it for sure, if there is ever another gop administration after this one.replyshare5 likeswhen i think about how many men were lynched, castrated ,dragged behind trucks to death for even looking in the direction of women vs how these privileged predators walk away with nothing .............replyshare36 likesthank you for that reminder.replyshare8 likesright, because we always have to think of the impact on men to make sexual assault abhorrent. how about all of the women these men get away with assaulting right now, right here in this time.replyshare4 likeswe can do both. unless you think its a great idea to lynch black men for daring to even look at a white woman. they murdered emmett till was fourteen years old and they murdered him for that. i'm completely with you on sexual assault. but when you disregard all issues except the single issue you care about, it makes you a crap ally. oh, wait, lemme guess. you're one of those who think alliances are one-way streets?replysharerapists should not be given plea deals.  they should get prison time and some sort of rehabilitative therapy before released.  then, they need to be monitored by a probation officer.what's the point of a sex offender registry if you're not going to register sex offenders?replyshare24 likesthey have to be convicted before they're given prison time.replyshare1 likehe should be convicted.replyshare4 likesallowing him a plea deal is what prevents him from being "convicted". weird how if he was black, his "plea deal" would involve hard prison time.replyshare17 likesshow 11 more repliesbrock turner 2.0.replyshare24 likesbaylor u.  a christian school.lolreplyshare14 likeswho could ok this outrage? plea bargaining is one thing, this is just corruption.replyshare13 likescheck the district attorney's bank account for recent large deposits...replyshare4 likeslarge deposits coming from church coffers...replyshare2 likeswhile the da may be correct about the evidence, there is a certain odor to this.  i hope the judge rejects the deal.replyshare9 likes...and yet people are still being locked up for having a little bit of weed.*sigh*replyshare7 likesthere are people on the registry for peeing on trees.replyshare7 likeswealthy white privilege.replyshare6 likeswhy women don't tell. after all, what's the point!replyshare5 likeshopefully, to take someone off the streets so the next woman isn't victimized.  of course that's only if the system works.  this case looks crooked.replyshareabelino reyne, mclennon country district attorney needs to be recalled for  making this decision.  hope judge ralph strother is more intelligent than aaron persky.replyshare5 likes'.. private christian school..' well, of course!replyshare5 likesis this the definition of a 'good ol' rich texas christian white boy'?replyshare4 likesanother privileged rwb avoiding consequences for his actions.replyshare4 likesrich white male from a private christian school in texas...what a surprise.****     i hope he has enough money to hire 24/7 security.replyshare4 likeshonestly, i never could figure out what fraternity has to do with education of our kids. these useless frat houses are destroying the peaceful lives of those kids by killing them from being drunk and raping their female classmates. the other side of this debate is the fairness and the double standards in the society when dealing with these rich and priviledged  kids. one set of rules for the bill cosbys, never mind his celebrity statusand another ones for the them.replyshare3 likesfraternities are for meeting the "right people" from the "right families" who can later on hook you up to the "right" jobs.replyshare3 likesexactly.  you can go anywhere in the us, drop your frat name, eg. "i'm a beta boy" and gain immediate acceptance by the greek crowd.replysharewhite + rich + male + texas = innocent.replyshare3 likesif it were my daughter, we would not be wasting time with a trial. street justice!!replyshare3 likesthis message was deleted.nope, the victim had no say at all. they promised them that they have a strong case with more than enough evidence for a conviction and then two years later, poof, they say they don't have that much evidence. i maintain the da had been compromised.replyshare2 likesthe rich getting away with a crime.  shocker!  not really very funny, the victim will have no justice if the higher court agrees with the plea deal, and most likely it will.  her lawyer nailed it with his statement.replyshare2 likesagain!  enough already.  what does it take to send these creeps to prison.  unlawful restraint?  what was his purpose in unlawfully restraining this woman, taking her into the woods?  i hope the presiding judge rejects this plea deal.replyshare2 likesi really doubt they would since the da have already agreed to the deal. this is all in the da. ugh!replyshare
## 8
man oh man; he looks like a stormtrooper.pure evil. i'm sure he'll get sympathy for being a "poor kid suffering with mental illness" on account he's... y'know(wink, wink)... from laguna but he's a monster. can't imagine how his mom feels losing her husband and son like that.you know, for all the talk about crime in south-central and santa ana, the rich folks in the capistrano valley (mission veijo, laguna niguel) over the past 10 years seem to be much more brutal, especially with their own family members.
## 80
roy moore protege?replyshare41 likesno wonder trump praises police for being tough on crime ,,,soft on kiddy porn ,,,,and even softer on child sexual abuse  from boarder policereplyshare20 likesbecause...alabamareplyshare16 likesthey know each other from the mall.replyshare6 likesshow 1 more repliestrump wants him on the supreme courtreplyshare16 likeshead of homeland security, unreplyshare5 likessorry, he's spoken for.he's the next gop senator nominee from alabama.replyshare5 likesit would have been just another day in alabama. guess he figured he was among friends in the panhandlereplyshare15 likesoh, let me guess, another red state elects a monster. well done< al!replyshare8 likeshow the hell is he still getting paid!?!! im sorry if you get arrested (for anything) and you are a police chief, you should be out of a job! if he had been working for a publicly traded company he would be out of a job!replyshare6 likesim shocked he was arrested.  they usually show their badge to a blue brother and wink, wink, nod, nod, move along now.replyshare5 likesit's alabama. things are different down there. i've got family down there and they aren't even shocked anymore when things like this happen. it's a beautiful state truly, but the evangelicals really give it a bad rep.replysharelooks like ole billy's got his tit in a wringer this time.replyshare6 likeswell...some body part.replyshare9 likesbut, but his pastor will vouch for himreplyshare6 likesperhaps he's a buddy of cult45.replyshare5 likeshe was a good guy until he got to florida. it's in the water, i tell ya.replyshare3 likesnorth florida. there is a difference.replyshare3 likeslooks like 45 has found his next u.s. attorney general.replyshare2 likesits always a red statereplyshare2 likesseems that way.....replyshare1 likeim speculating here; gop, right?replyshare2 likesgop just found their next senate candidate.replyshare2 likeshe'd make a fine supreme court justice.replyshare1 like1) billy driggers2) alabamaor1) alabama2) billy driggerseither way....same results!replyshare1 likehe thought he was in florida. honest mistake.replyshare1 like...as the trump white house comes rushing to his defense.replyshare1 likeever since the arpaio pardon cops have become brazen.  too brazen.replyshareat the time, outgoing police chief john mason, who had resigned to pursue another job, called driggers a great replacement, the southeast sun reported.this guy's judgment is suspect. if i'm his new employer, i'm thinking twice.replysharethis message was deleted.to the supreme courtreplysharewas he a republican?replysharenow, now.  calm down.  he said he didn't do it and was set up by clinton and those against rump.   all is right with the world and he will get  a raise shortly.replysharesounds like a mental illness.replysharethat's what happens when you impregnate your sister.replyshare3 likeslooks like 45 has found his next attorney generalreplyshareso what has this guy done to people on the side of the road late at night with no witnesses ? it ought to be investigated.replyshare
## 81
track has no combat experience..  his dd214 shows no combat badge.  this whole family is nothing but a farse.  i had her dad for a teacher in wasilla, so i've know this family since the mid 60's.replyshare141 likeshis ptsd comes from his childhood not combat.replyshare121 likesthis.replyshare5 likesyes, from listening all this year's to his mom's word salad.replyshare6 likesshow 28 more repliesparty of family values.replyshare86 likesthe palin  family of degenerates have no values, they are money-hungry grifters, phony christians, serial liars, serial criminals.  why isn't this menace to society in jail?  are they waiting for him to murder someone?!replyshare31 likesask congresswoman cathy mcmorris rodgers (r-wa). she loves the palins. never to low for her.replyshare4 likesshe a republican most of their "base" are white bigoted cave men who wave buybulls but can't read well enough to look inside one...so they get some "for-profit" preacher to do it for themreplyshare4 likesnot guilty, for sure, dude!i hope this guy doesn't get stinkin' drunk and kill some girlfriend or family member.   of course, it would all be obama's fault.replyshare77 likeshe sounds like the angry drunk brettreplyshare19 likesbut brett didn't serve in the military.replyshare2 likesis this an attempt to qualify track for a high-level position in the trump administration?replyshare71 likesyes,   this is track working to beef up his resume a bit.replyshare30 likesnext supreme court nominee.replyshare29 likesif obama was a better parent this wouldve never happened, thats sarcasm by the wayreplyshare56 likeslol!!replyshare8 likesi love it. more palin family values. so i guess this mean todd and sarah are great parent's.replyshare47 likeshe is only a "vet" because he was given a choice, military or prison, after he and some buddies cut the brake lines of school buses. such a wonderful family to showcase the "family values" that palin always natters on about. /sreplyshare38 likeswow.  is that true?  why wasn't he locked up already?replyshare5 likesthey are waiting for him to kill someonereplyshare1 likethis is so true!  the judge gave him jail or join the military. i lived there during palins reign and it was broadcasted everywhere.replyshare5 likesshow 2 more replieswhat a great patriot, veteran and hero this guy is. maybe we should release him to the bears so they can have their revenge.replyshare33 likesjesus. there are veterans who are actually suffering from it. don't let sarah palin cheapen it. i notice that track hasn't brought it up. his mother does.replyshare25 likeswe're not conflating the differences, joseph, but palin deserves everything he gets.replyshare3 likesjoseph, track cut the break lines of the school buses before he went into the service to be a cook so his criminal behavior has nothing to do with ptsd.replyshare18 likeswow.  i don't think he should have been accepted into the military.  that's a really sick thing to do.replyshare1 likeshow 3 more repliesthis family should never have been foisted upon the national scene.let them rot up in alaska.replyshare24 likesyeah, thanks again john.replyshare6 likeshe admitted it was a mistake having her as a running mate.replysharei never heard mccain admit he made a mistake by choosing palin as his vp.replyshare(eye roll.)how soon before obama gets blamed again? 3. 2, ...replyshare22 likessorry dawn, is wasnt obama. it had to be hillary.replysharebut...he's a kkkhristian!replyshare21 likesanother palin derailment!replyshare20 likeshe should be a judgereplyshare20 likesseems to me like he is gearing up for a run as alaska's next governor.replyshare19 likesdoes she name the kids after where they were conceived?replyshare17 likes1`like "barstool"?replyshare15 likeshow about dumpster?replyshare5 likesseriously, i though his name was trash....replyshare9 likes
## 82
this message was deleted.thoughts and prayers.replyshare50 likesi used to make fun then trump gave nyc a bad name.replyshare9 likesif it helps, i don't consider trump a new yorker as much as a floridian, since he seems to spend most of his time at mar-a-lago.replyshare18 likesshow 9 more repliesi'm willing to bet anything that with facial recognition software they can find a picture of him at a trump rally (just like the "maga bomber".)why do all the extreme wackos live in fla, texas or arizona? as an arizonan i'd like to know!replyshare52 likesthe wacko that shot scalise and tried to shoot a bunch of other republicans was from illinoisreplyshare2 likesthis message was deleted.this message was deleted.i dont know, what about all the liberal ones?replyshare1 likethis message was deleted.this message was deleted.this message was deleted.this message was deleted.google is your friend, knock your socks off!replyshareshow 24 more repliesjust another fine young white male trying to keep from getting overrun by immigrants. my gender is just full of genetically disposable outcomes that should have been either at the end of a rubber or aborted outright.replyshare52 likesmy first thought was that he was thevposter boy for the incells.replyshare29 likesincels are those men who would not have mated in a natural environment.  their genes would not have reproduced.  that may not be 100% accurate, but it certainly explains why they aren't able to attract partners.just an opinionreplyshare10 likesthey are like the drones booted from the beehive in autumn....replyshare1 likeshow 6 more repliesthis world is just plain evil. are we sure this isn't hell?replyshare26 likesthen where the hell do some of these awful people deserve to go when they actually die (again)?replyshare6 likesi was thinking more along the lines as the good people die and ascend to heaven and this here, is in fact hell.replyshare2 likesi know.  and i'm tripping over it.  so what happens when we die again?  i work pretty hard at being a good guy!  and some people i know definitely don't!replyshare3 likesshow 6 more replieshe's 39 watts short of a 40-watt light bulb.replyshare14 likeswow - just wow. depraved just doesnt seem strong enough of a word for this.replyshare11 likesproof that the maxim "you can't judge a book by its cover" is more of a suggestion than a hard rule.replyshare8 likeshmmm...incell material for surereplyshare8 likesthis message was deleted.me. there's one. my friend with his wife. there's another.replysharethis message was deleted.this message was deleted.this message was deleted.know better than what? to assume all conservative men never have consensual sex?you challenged the internet to "name one guy from the right who has ever had consensual sex." i answered with two examples. i have plenty more examples, but i'm not going to waste my time proving your dumb point wrong.now you're probably mad because you're realizing how stupid you look for calling about half the men in the country rapists.replysharedark web posts and encrypted emails from a guy that looks like he doesn't know how to read.replyshare8 likeshe seems nice. {{shudder}}replyshare7 likesno maga cap?!replyshare9 likestaken off for the picture, that's hat hair for sure.replyshare2 likestake a good look at this picture and then deny the value of a strong eugentics policy.replyshare7 likesi'm with you on that.replyshareoh hitler?replysharemore like oh margaret sanger?replyshareand he looks like such a bright, normal guy!replyshare6 likesall of a sudden, im really not in the mood for texas bar b quereplyshare5 likessad, sick world. what level of hell is this?replyshare4 likesvery few fathers would openly sell the rights for their daughters to be eaten-----either sexually, or gastronomically.replyshare3 likesdean , there are parents who willingly sell their children , even infants to pedophiles for sex and videos of them bring raped.  so, yes fathers would. some parents are just to sick to be alive.  .replyshare7 likesor to be parents periodreplysharetalk about a bad dinner datereplyshare3 likes
## 83
why wasn't his race named...or need i ask?replyshare3 likesat this time we are looking for a suspect described as a white male, 57, heavy build wearing a black jacket, blue jeans and a large belt.better?replysharea vast improvement.replysharepolice were looking for a man about 5-foot-7 with a heavy build, and said he should be considered armed and dangerous.part of the description is missing.replyshare2 likeshuffpost is developing a bad rep: the st.louis pd specifically said a"white male". but huffpost omits the "white" part. we have seen this many times.replysharecatholics support immigration.....can anybody think of another religious group that was attacked by a gunman for supporting immigration??
## 84
so...a black man that a police officer knows has no weapon is 50 feet away from him and must be shot, but a known mass murderer who is white actually grabs a guard's weapon, and he isn't shot?this is why they kneel!!!replyshare20 likeslittle bit of a stretch but, okay.  cruz is in a lockdown and the other guards had no firearms.besides, with national attention on cruz the police who are willing to shoot don't want the focus on them.replysharefor saving a ton of tax dollars?replyshareand...surprise surprise...he registered as a republican to vote...of course, he will be denied that once he is found guilty but it won't stop the gop from claiming he is  why they opposed amendment 4replyshare12 likesmy guess is either 1) he did it to gain some cred so he stops getting passed around like a cheap towel, or 2) he did it to get solitary so he stops getting passed around like a cheap towel.replyshare10 likesor he could find a "protector" then sag his pants low to let everyone know, and he'll be safe, like all the other weak ones.replyshare2 likesi think sagging means "available." if he has a protector, he wouldn't be available.replysharei think you're right. i learned something new today.replysharehe is just a bad, bad, no good  guy.  not in favor of the death penalty unless the person is a continuing threat to the public, other prisoners or prison staff (example: ted bundy).  cruz fits that description.replyshare7 likessolitary 23 hours a day like a super max situation should work and keep down behavior problems.replyshare8 likesso they shot and killed him, right? ...replyshare5 likes... of course not! can't you see the level of melanin in his skin? it's well below the "shoot first, ask questions later" level and much more at the level of "use all safety precautions to not harm offender, including sacrificing some personal safety." :-(replyshare8 likesmelanin, i think it's spelled, melatonin is a sleep aid.  :)replyshare1 like(sheepish grin)... duly noted... and thanks!replysharethe boy is looking for "death by cop" so he doesn't have to go through a trial and life in prison.replyshare4 likesshoulda shot the mf.replyshare2 likeswhy isn't this monster in shackles 24/7?replyshare1 likehis "time" just got a lot harder..........replyshareunless we are ok with killing the sick, he needs to be treated in a secure facility where he cannot hurt people, but not executed.  this is severe mental illness.replyshare
## 85
we really can learn something everyday. i had no idea "a*s#oles had been certified a "race".replyshare62 likesthat's a very generous spin on the most ignorantly stupid thing i've heard this year! you are totally right!replyshare21 likessorry (not sorry), but there is no way to "joke" about being the "master race" when you're a white guy talking to a black person.  and even if it's a "joke," if you're too stupid to know not to make that kind of joke, then you really don't deserve to be representing the public.replyshare57 likesthis message was deleted.name one culture in the current world run by majority black people that wasn't/isn't being abused/economically colonized by majority white countries?read a book.replyshare14 likesi'm not sure of your point. is it that whites really *are* the master race?replysharethe person i responded to deleted or had their comment deleted. it went something like this:"name one culture in the current world run by majority black people that is successful"replyshareshow 2 more replieswhy is the master race in kansas going broke?replyshare34 likesthere is that....replyshare8 likesmastercard?  whats in his walletreplyshare11 likestoo many louis klemps?replyshare1 likehe looks more like a genetic mistake than a member of a "master race."replyshare31 likeslol.. totally agree.replyshare16 likesthe spartans would have thrown him off that mountain.replyshare21 likeslol, i was thinking the same thing.replyshare6 likestime for klemp and loughry to both resign.replyshare19 likesclaiming his comment was a "joke," simply proves that he is not only crass, but also socially ignorant. neither characteristic is laudable in community leadership personnel. and frankly, it doesn't matter what "good" he's done in his community in the past. he's paid with dollars that come from the taxes of kansas citizens. he must represent--and respect--every one of them.replyshare15 likesoh hes got a gap all right.  between his ears, not his teeth.replyshare11 likeswhat a buffoon . he should not hold any public office.replyshare8 likesthat poor city planner lady could have been spared all this disrespect and drama if this commissioner had not been shielded from consequences from making racist statements in the past.replyshare7 likeswhat i don't understand is the whole "you have a gap in your teeth that makes you the master race"could it be that he is saying that the african american woman is the master race or is it that only gap toothed people are the master race? it's odd. perhaps the commissioner was having an episode? dementia sometimes flies under the radar...maybe?replyshare7 likessounds like he meant that gap teethed people are the master race.... a joke in poor taste especially with his past statements.  i think this because he pointed at himself during the exchange.replyshare6 likesnah. trumpitis is contagious amongst righties, raising the burble quotient inexorably...replyshare5 likesbonus days for the turd polishing industry.replyshare7 likesoh gosh another person who 'mispoke' and isn't a racist!!replyshare6 likes"we're the master race"people are outraged."c'mon you guys. i wuz jus' makin' wit da yuk yuks"apparently some members of the "master race" lack the courage of their stupid convictions.replyshare5 likesas a brit,i have to ask america what has happened to you?replyshare5 likesstage 3 moral cancer  with the majority of us praying ,protesting, and voting for remission....replyshare4 likesthis master race goes back a way. the german philosopher nietsche and his dear friend wagner promoted the idea about a century ago. both were favorites of der fuhrer. if history would be thought properly americans would not flab these things out as unimportant.replyshare5 likesglad dorothy went back to oz!!replyshare4 likesit's sad that so many republicans think that they can get away with saying anything, no matter how inappropriate, simply because trump does. i wish it was just as easy to make trump resign.replyshare4 likesthat sort of makes stacey abrams one of the "master race" doesn't it?replyshare4 likesi had to re-read what he said, and then i got it, he basically was trying to imply that she and he had the teeth thing in common and that made them part of the master race.dumb at best, the use of the phrase "master race" in that context is actually somewhat out in space really.replyshare3 likesracism isnt a joke.replyshare3 likesugly outside. ugly inside.replyshare2 likesyeah....send that member of the "master race" to the unemployment line :-)replyshare2 likesmost bigots don't know they are bigots.replyshare2 likestrump, republicans, and white evangelicals have made it cool to be racist.replyshare2 likesall the cool kids are doing it now. lol.replyshareit was intended as a really dumb joke.  that being said, to have the words 'master race' on the tip of your tongue, you hear and say it often in other contexts and it doesn't bode well for him.replyshare2 likes
## 86
honestly, it will take humanity to value humanity... and that seems to be a hard sell. not only in the obvious manner--valuing black lives--but in people believing confidently in their capacity to do the right thing. people have a fundamental lack of faith. they are all over claiming they support the troops, but when it comes to standing for the fundamentals of the constitution... well that's different. the same is true of the multitude of "christians" who are more than willing to hold up pictures of aborted fetuses for their faith, but turn the other cheek? nah, can't have that. these racist bigots do not believe in the fundamental foundation of what they claim to believe. why? they don't believe in themselves, their capacity to resist, their capacity of staunchly walk their talk. heck, many of these people have not even actually read the premises of jesus or the principles of the constitution. they blather and brae, but bellicose bedlam is all they honestly offer. this is why we must judge by the fruits of their spirit. a good tree does not bear bad fruit nor does a bad tree bear good. get honest america.replyshare18 likeswell said.replyshare5 likesget honest america! should be our mantra in 2020!replyshare5 likesunfortunately the media doesn't like the whole "complete honesty" thing one either side of the fence.  bad for ratings.replyshareshow 3 more repliestruth; remember what happened in dallas... a black man reached his limit and lashed out... now here we are; the killing of black men seems to a special kind of permissible prey ..... you see it and so do others ... odds are there is another black man .... who has reach his fill ... but, the expected can be aborted if the powers really wanted to ..... we citizens are better than this... its time speak up and demand whats rightreplyshare14 likesthis message was deleted.are you gonna be the one to do that, sweetie??replyshare7 likesthis message was deleted.you are outnumbered captain.replyshare2 likesthe captain is still very involved with members of the force. we are not outnumbered jerry, we are in almost every town. any uprising can be put down with brutal force if given the word.replyshare1 likeshow 5 more replieswhites dont even do anything when white children are murdered in schools.replyshare12 likesdepends on who gets murdered.replyshare6 likesblacks don't even do anything when black children are murdered in the street - chicago?replyshare1 likeyou care about chicago?? we can talk about it. we can also talk about white people on heroin and committing terrorism.replyshare3 likesshow 2 more repliesblack lives will matter in america when the judicial system starts to punish those who take our lives and takes money out of the pockets of the people who employ the killers.replyshare9 likeshard to get excited about blm when they do nothing at all about black on black murder.   that is much more of a problem but they will not even acknowledge it.replyshare20 likesyour racist comment is a fallacy pushed by conservatives that blame the victims. you should be ashamed of such an insidious stance, but i understand where your lack of capacity is derived.replyshare23 likeswhy are facts that you do not like racist?  why does 13% of the population commit 50% of all murders?  those are facts.replyshare16 likessource?replyshare11 likesshow 50 more repliesconvicting cops for killing black men who pose to threat.  if the justice system works, police behavior will change.replyshare5 likesnot the total solution but a very good place to start.replyshare3 likesi'm white, i'm so sorry that black people have to be treated this way.  i don't understand it.   it's completely awful.  why should people be defined by the color of their skin, they are people, we are all people.replyshare4 likesthey shouldn't be but they are. racism is alive and well in america. for black lives to matter racism needs to go away. not sure that will ever be the case in america.replyshare4 likesit can stop being the focus of our media.  might not make it go away but sure would cut down on the amount when they know it isn't going to get anyone on the news if the commit some crime.  if we stopped reporting on it so much and focused on positive things people would follow that. the media controls the stories.replysharea perfect summerize of my thought to this day : "what has become clear in this shooting and every other shooting since the initiation of the movement in 2013 is that no amount of death changes the collective (majority white) view of black people as disposable objects."the total lack of empathy toward the "disposification" of black bodies is beyond appaling .replyshare4 likesthe bigots keep bringing up black crime statistics, but those statistics show that white people commit the most violent crime at almost 70%.replyshare4 likes..and while in all of africa...replysharei don't live in africa. do you??replyshare2 likes..no, thank god!!replyshareshow 3 more repliesfor me i would like to see activists get off the preaching about privilege and systemic root causes and checking ones bias and all that jazz and get to actual solutions which is what i hope activists would be doing. police reform requires independent civilian review of all police incidents involving violence and that review board needs teeth. law needs to be reformed so police cannot lie to the citizenry in the same way we cannot lie to them. make a false statement by police to the people a crime, if the police union says such and such happened and then a tape comes out showing that was a lie, they got to jail. law means nothing if it is not fairly imposed on all. black people have gotten a bad deal here, there is no question.but police brutality effects people of all color, especially in the lower incomes. i have known a lot of people abused and beaten by police, it is not uncommon, white is not some shield they respect. get the brutality, the cruelty and the fraud out of policing, make community safety and service more important then arrest stats when looking at promotions. teach police to depend the civil rights of it's citizens, to be the protectors of those rights that should be drilled into them. make them the stewards of law, most have little understanding of law as a concept and a system of fairness, they only see it as a cudgel.replyshare4 likesthis is not a country for black people and never will be. period.replyshare3 likesit will take treating them the way they treat us, periodreplyshare2 likesyou need to votereplyshare2 likesyes, the problem is that it is not just not seen as a problem but the people that cite it as a problem are seen as problems themselves. black lives matter, colin kaepernick are demonized like there are much more important matters to pay attention to. i agree that living while black is not easy in this democratic country of ours.replyshare2 likesthe racism expressed in these comments isn't very encouraging.replyshare2 likesseveral generationsreplyshare1 likegee, i dunno know, black folks. quit voting for democrats?replyshare5 likesand vote for who, republicans??replyshare9 likesthat would be racist republicans.replyshare4 likesoh yeah.
## 87
okay let me get this straight. this guy got arrested for hate crime (basically), fought the police officer, broke a window of a police cruiser and he's out on a bail??? tell me this is not a white privilege.replyshare110 likesit's always been like this.  it's just been ignored by the press.replyshare31 likes$800 bond.  are you kidding me?replyshare48 likes"...broke the back window of a police cruiser and fought with police officers. after he was subdued, he was taken to a hospital." white privilege is a hell of a thing! imagine that! right now in my head is an image of two white, male police officers assualting a 14 year old black girl, while she is on the ground "subdued", one cop kneels on her back and repeatedly socks her in the side of her stomach, while pulling her shorts up so high she probably is no longer a virgin. damn....replyshare46 likesshow 3 more replies"irish-italian guy hates immigrants.  story at 11.... "replyshare42 likeswhat a disgrace. there were many nativists back in the day who tried to kick his ancestors out.replyshare20 likeshow do you know he is irish italian?replysharei don't.  but....   every sean i know (several) is irish and every scappaticci i know (a few) is italian....    went out on a limb.  :-/replyshare23 likesshow 4 more repliesi would like to see his records.4 years active duty,  a ranger, only a pfc, and 3 deployments to afghanistan? those numbers don't add up very well.replyshare38 likeshe was probably getting his rank and then losing it due to his behavior. he should have made staff sgt.  with the time he had in all things being considered.replyshare16 likesyou could be right!replysharemotor poolreplyshare4 likesshow 1 more repliesso this individual threatens a driver, resisted  arrest and broke a window of a cop car and hes still alive???!!! what am i missing in this equation? oh yeah, hes white. privilege.replyshare34 likesso, we know what side this soldier will be on in the next phase of the war. the question is how many of the military will side with the fascists.replyshare18 likeshe's a nut. feel sorry that his past experiences in the military have led him here.replyshare5 likesthe authors provided the subtext that his military experience made him a murderous racistand i aint buying it. i dont think you should make that assumption either. plenty of combat veterans dont end up this waythe vast majority dont.replyshare22 likesand some do. the minority, but some do. like the guy who shot the sniper guy.replyshare4 likesshow 5 more replieshopefully our better angels will show up at the polls and push back at all this hate coming from trump's party!only remedy is to vote straight blue!replyshare17 likesthis guy shows why white people have so much going for them. replyshare15 likesit only shows that this is a bad person.replyshare1 likeit shows that he is a bad white man who assaulted the cops and came away with a mere $800.00 in bail.replyshare3 likesa bad person that did not get charged for what he should have. also, he did not get shot while fighting with police, while other do w/o fighting with police, just while running away.replyshare2 likeswalking time bomb realeased on $800 bail. if a person of color, we would be examining body cam footage of the killing.replyshare14 likeswhats even more messed up was that he got a pat on the back when he actually killed brown people in afghanistan,replyshare12 likeswhite privilege strikes again! just last week a police officer explained  to an 11 & a 13 year old that they were luck he didnt kill them for playing outside with a toy(bb)gun. according to the officer, children playing with a toy would frighten him more than an ex army ranger who fought them and damaged government property! #thisisamericareplyshare12 likesthis "scholarly" individual just can't be satisfied with the special white privilege he has. he still wants to stick it to anyone who doesn't look like him. and for anyone denying that "privilege", how many non-whites fight with cops and live to gloat about it? crickets.replyshare10 likeshe chased the uber driver from his own vehicle while threatening to beat him up. he announced he wanted to kill him because he was "brown". he fought with officers and broke the window in the police cruiser.he was arrested on suspicion of a bias-motivated crime, obstructing a peace officer, menacing and attempt to escape. he was released on $800 bond.and, in spite of all his white privilege, he's angry at the "brown" guy.replyshare9 likesthank you for your service, you pathetic d@ckhead.replyshare9 likesill ask how many people here believe of this was a middle eastern man or a black or latino.  saying he hated white people.  that hes be dead, in the hospital or still in jailreplyshare8 likesthis is the new "morality" that far-right fake christians and the amoral gop have given america.  sad.replyshare7 likesyes, colorado springs is a beautiful place to live, but it's also full of people just like this guy. however, driving a taxi, i drive days, taking care of little old ladies, and they're grateful that their brown skinned driver goes out of his way to make sure that they are taken care of properly and respectfully. not all white people, even if they are republicans, are total absolute jerks.replyshare6 likesfour years in he army, three overseas tours and his rank is pfc, private first class, the lowest rank there is?  half this story is right there.replyshare6 likese1 is lower...replyshare1 likeyeah, i thought of that later. program wouldn't let me come back and edit it. my point is still valid.replysharepoor soldier.  the motor pool can be really stressful.  /s/replyshare6 likesthe bond is not a deterrentreplyshare5 likesthey need to keep him locked up! hes a common criminal and likely to attack again.replyshare5 likes
## 88
wow.  another whiny, senseless article about a perceived problem.  does she actually believe that only blacks concern themselves with possible repercussions of their choices?replyshare17 likeswow another privileged triggered white male. i know its hard for you to understand but there are experiences that you will never ever have in your privileged life! stop whining!replyshare7 likesno, i am native american, so i know more about discrimination than you will ever know. no, you stop whining, i insist.replyshare13 likesall the more reason you should have empathy.replyshare8 likesshow 22 more repliesreally?  every time you and your son go a to public entity you feel that much "pressure" to not allow him to take his toy?  perhaps your glasses are a bit too tinged to see that a few times does not equate to every time.  maybe if you just let him have his toy and if you believe you are being questioned then you address it; isn't that how change occurs?  but to teach your son to deny and accept every single time white privilege wins in every situation (even when it's not real) is a lesson in victimhood.replyshare7 likeswhen i was young, we were never allowed to bring toys to the store for two reasons. 1) we'd probably lose them. 2) the store might think we stole them. never did we think the store would suspect us because they're racists....replyshare2 likesim 70 retired us marine corp ( 1966-2004) i married in 1972 to a colored woman( thats what marriage licenses says) i am very white. she was one first to become an internist. we have one child, career military ( they went university before military) wife died in 1996. her parents in 2010/2012 both in late 90s as a orphan , they became my parents. they as well were physicans , radiology ( good reason, they were black and it was best , no one knows who reads your x-rays) most parents do not let children take toys into any store, not because of race, because they loose them and its hell to pay. in my opinion its how one carries self, dad was as dark as nat king cole , but walk into a kkk meeting and be respected. yes there ignorant racists, but they not hiding under every rock, like many think. if one believes that then all from middle east are terrorists.replyshare3 likesi didn't let my children bring toys in into stores when they were little. it's called common sense. i also teach my children to respect and obey the police, because they can be dangerous if provoked. also common sense. i guess those things would mean something different if i were not white?i would not for one second try and argue that racism doesn't exist. but come on now, do we have to act like talking to your children about how normal people act is more than it is? and i'm curious, did this woman actually ever go to a store with a stuffed rhino and have a problem?replyshare1 likei struggled with this article. as a black mother and a grandmother i hear you. i feel you!!  but i also believe that not allowing you son to take his toy with him is starting a process of othering and placing limitations on what he can and cant do. it is also giving people who would make prejudicial and stereotypical judgments a pass when they should be made to confront their bigotry. so, i let my granddaughter take her toys in the store and risk being accused of stealing so she can learn how to handle herself when confronted with bigots; i never allow myself to be overlooked by service employees when its my turn, and when they tell the white person who is next in line that they will be right with them as if they need to apologize for serving me first, i laughingly tell them that everyone understands how queues work. i risk being seen as an angry black women so she knows its okay to stand up for yourself, and its even okay to be angry if you are not treated with respect. i never curse, i rarely yell, but i do make it clear that i will not be invisible or cower to limitations anyone would place on me. we belong in this space too.replyshare1 likeas a 51 year old black man. i always told my kids to leave whatever merchandise or toys they brought with them into whatever store we were going into. you dont bring merchandise into stores. i dont even bring other bags of merchandise into other stores. and when i dont plan my lunch run right and forget to get a bag from the 1st place and want to go into the second place, i skip the second place. not because im black, but because youre just asking someone to be suspicious and suspect you of something. not worth it!!! put yourself on the other side of the counter, and act like you know,....you know?! this aint a black or white issue, this is a commen gd sense issue. and!!! and!!! a lesson to your child that you cant just do what you want to do and what makes you feel good just because you want to. drop the narcissism pick-up reason and common sense.replysharethis message was deleted.lies lies lies and you know it. you must be living under a rock if you think thats how welfare works with the current administration but believe conspiracy theories as you will. oustley county kentucky is 99% white and 100% welfare dependent. and what are you so afraid of? that the entitlements you believe only belong to whites will be taken by black and brown people?replyshare4 likesit was actually bill clinton who radically transformed welfare, not trump.replyshare. you are funny as heck. please tell me where i can sign up for this $50k you silly person.
## 89
love it!replyshare11 likesomg that was awesome!! dont get mad at bigots...laugh at them!!!replyshare11 likesthank you, ms. nashreplyshare5 likesthis is so amazing!! thank you ms nash for telling the truth!!!replyshare4 likeslove her & love claws.  posters should be printed with the tel# and a phoneline set up just to track how many calls come in!! more than you think... i'm sure.replyshare2 likesthat's because anti-white racism is widely accepted. imagine the black fear hotline.replysharewow im seeing that impotent little green frog popping up on here, these folks are truly disgusting subhumans! stay safe everyone!replysharelove the vhs tracking lines.replyshareboth sad and funny.replysharejust hang up and start judging people by their actions, instead of their skin color, like martin luther king dreamed. this phone line is, by definition, racist. #racistleftreplyshare1 likeoh please - those of your ilk hated dr. king in his day. stop using his name in vain. you should be ashamed of yourself.there's no racism here. you're just throwing the word around like those who yell fire just for the heck of it.replyshare6 likesracism means persecuting any race, not just black people and the left is demonizing all white people. that's racist. period. try judging people by their actions, like mlk jr. said. he's probably spinning in his grave, if he can see the perverse hatred that his cause has morphed into. plus, the fact that the left is being manipulated into manufacturing racism at every turn by the very elites they claim to oppose. divide and conquer.#uselessidiotsreplyshareyeah right  david duke and the likes of you sure do have a lot in common. trying to shake that racism and thrust it upon someone else just aint gonna cut it., but you keep on dreaming. american history, which youll wish to white-wash, denotes utter contempt towards people of color, which is still going strong today. thats one reason why black folk dont indulge in republican diaspora. and heres a little something for you to contemplate..black folk reacting to white peoples racism isnt racism on their part.replyshareyah, yah but its just helping to make things worse, like only whites are racist or do numb racist things. this kind of thing proves otherwise. all racism is bad and only serves to make things worse and that day when folks can overwhelmingly get together on such things just that much farther off.replyshare1 likeyour comment is nonsensical. how does this video show anything but racism towards a black man? yes...the white people taking it upon themselves to police people of color demonstrate pure racism and they are vile for doing it.replyshare13 likestriggered.  you are defending racists, so she must be talking about you.  she continuously says racist white people, but you apparently didn't hear that.replyshare10 likesyou just say some word and your right? you don't even sound like you read what i said but just enough for you to be "triggered". i want things to get better not worse like we've seen the last few years but you apparently didn't read that. "when you're scared, white ... and probably racist!" it's just makes things worse. like only whites are racists and only whites call the police on people of color and all these folks in the video never call the police on whites. you know most these people are the kind of people that call the police for the littlest thing. why give ammunition to the folks that are racist and or fear people not like them?replysharethis message was deleted.and you are a liar, so whats your point?replyshare5 likes
## 9
big deal people quit their jobs everyday.yawn..obviously the author was too close to the issue to be an objective observer. how much blood has his family shed for this country here and abroad ? hopefully he will be replaced with someone sensitive to the concerns of natives."hopefully he will be replaced with someone sensitive to the concerns of natives." glad to hear you volunteer at and donate to so many of the native american reservations in this country.he doesn't even live in this country"she'd"?what a dolt. trump wants "more" immigration judges to eliminate the backlog and process cases faster.who is the author attempting to fool? sorry...we already know...ill informed, low information voters for fall for this nonsense.old enough to remember when resigning on principle was acceptable, even by those who disagreed with the principle. and 700 cases a year is more than 3 cases per work-day; that's not much time.how long does it take to decide a case where the migrant clearly does not meet the requirements for asylum/refugee status under the un protocols or us immigration law? it probably takes longer to introduce the various people than it takes to decide the case. over 90% of honduran asylum claims were rejected by the obama administration immigration judges. under un protocols any person desiring asylum is supposed to apply in the first stable country that they reach. under the un protocols and us law, gang violence and domestic violence have never been considered sufficient grounds for asylum. these people are economic migrants.he quit after only a year. had he stayed on and fought harder to right the wrongs he witnessed, his words and actions would hold more credibility.interesting to see in photo, that people are standing in line in an orderly fashion to see an immigration official . i am sure many of them crossed the border illegally jumping the line ahead of people who applied legally and have to wait 15-20 years to get to an interview for a green card. isn't it ironic?what a whiny loser.neonazi trumptards target these stories..it's hilarious to see their hate filled drivel. even funnier that they think anyone other than their kkk filled jerk circle cares how pathetic they are.mr clueless, you should look in the mirror. btw, giangranco, don't let the door hit you in the rear end on the way out.if you are an example of the left then sane person is on the right.never ceases to amaze me how the left when faced with challenges to their absurd views have to play the race card rather than discuss facts. it's so over played....let's all thank this writer for his one year of service. it must have been incredibly difficult for him, but on the bright side he was able to form an opinion and get it published in the los angeles times! it says a lot about the writer and the paper. he toughed it out for a whole year, which made him an authority. let's wish him well as we accept his resignation. hopefully someone on the editorial board will feel like resigning so we can have some diversity of thought every once in a while.who cares?" .........administrative closure, which allows judges to put cases on indefinite hold, and which, in immigration cases, can be a tool for delaying deportation orders." you see, that right there was the problem- administrative closure was often used for people that had no legal argument to remain in the country; and using administrative closure for the sole purpose of preventing the factually, and legally, correct deportation was bad faith. immigration judges were administratively closing cases as a routine matter to clear a large number of cases, and it's precisely for this reason that sec. sessions curtailed the circumstances where administrative closures will be allowed. i wonder if the author will admit that had those administratively closed cases actually gone before the judge, the vast majority of those cases would have ended in a deportation order (the technical term is a "removal order"). if the author was content with administratively closure of immigration cases and leave such cases in permanent "limbo" so that an alien with no legal right to stay in the country can indeed stay in the country, then he was, for all intents and purposes, an advocate, and not a civil servant, who is supposed to be dispassionate about government policy. and given that the author was the "attorney-advisor" for the immigration court in l.a., and who, i presume, is competent in immigration law, then he must know the majority of asylum cases in general are denied, and central american asylum rejection rates are even higher than the average rate. this has nothing to do with president trump, as the rejection rates were just as high under president obama, and more to do with the blunt fact that most asylum seekers are not able to meet the legal requirements of asylum.see more...being anti-freedom is not a good argument. most americans will admit they approve of freedom for all people. lincoln said that the union of mankind was the goal.the migrants are free to migrate to any country that wants them, but not the usa. how are you confusing these cases with "freedom"?
## 90
another "virtuous" white woman following in the footsteps of the one who got emmitt till killed and the long line of passive aggressive white bigots like bbq beckyreplyshare13 likesi agree. still horrible to think about what democrats did to emmitt till and now they're trying to do it to this boy! and all black boys accused by burning the presumption of innocence and due process at the stake.replyshare3 likesi'm assuming you worked on some recent ads in arkansas.replyshare5 likeswhat exactly are "democrats" trying to do to jeremiah harvey?replyshare5 likesshow 6 more repliessmart young man.  i'm sorry he was subjected to this.replyshare8 likesif that women didn't know the difference between having her back end  grabbed and a backpack hitting it she sure is deeply in trouble.  by the looks of her one would think she would welcome any kind of attention.replyshare9 likesso you approve of sexual assault if the woman is unattractive?  got it.replyshare1 likedid any one else seethe sexual pelvis thrusts she made to the child? she should be arrested for attempted sexual assault of a child.  why is she calling him young man? he is a boy/child. it bothers me that white folkscall our children adults.replyshare7 likesthat's a big word! smart kid. his mother raised him right based on what i've seen.replyshare6 likesteresa klein is just another racist.  i am sure she can find a place on fox news or amongst white evangelicals and conservatives.replyshare7 likeswould she have felt so "threatened" if a white boy brushed past her in a grocery store? i think not #shoppingwhileblackreplyshare3 likeshe will probably need therapy for the rest of his life.replyshare3 likesnot every woman deserves to be believed apparently.replyshare4 likeshow dare you, harvey weinstein! he hereplyshare1 likeexactlyreplyshareevery woman deserves to be believed until there is evidence that she is wrong.  something did brush up against her backside.  it's her racism that allowed her to believe that it was a 9-year old black boy.replyshare2 likesshow 2 more repliesthe kid was right; the woman needs help.replyshare2 likesvery big of them to accept her apology but i doubt  her apology was very sincere or that she would have even apologized in the first place if there was no video footage. and for her to be screaming on the phone that she had been sexually assaulted by a child?! she seemed to have been looking for a reason for a confrontation that day and that poor kid got caught in her crosshairs. smhreplyshare1 likeyeah.  being a 9 year old who did nothing wrong accused of sexual assault.  that would do a number on anyones psyche.replyshare1 liketo be having a conversation with your son about sexual assault at the age of 9?yup! why not?replyshare1 likeyeah that's true. you gotta tell 'em soon enough.replysharethankfully evidence prevailed. believe evidence first and foremost.replysharethe one thing all these "beckys," and "pattys" and "carolines" have in common is they're all soooo ugly!they must have sad, depressing lives.replysharei'm impressed by jeremiah's vocabulary.  i can hardly imagine a young kid even knowing the word "humiliated."i'll bet he is a good student and can even read.  where i live, kids don't take their eyes off their phones long enough to learn.replyshare2 likesi'm happy that harvey and klein managed to reach a place of understanding.replysharethis message was deleted.do you really think that woman would have reacted the same if the boy had been white?replyshare6 likesshe was very much in the wrong.  but does the media have to focus on it just to make sure we get a little more racism in our day?  think of if we ignored stupid stories like this and how people would stop constantly thinking about race or gender.  worry about the kind of people out there not their color..replyshare4 likesif he had been a little white boy, do you think that woman would have reacted the same way?replyshare6 likesyes, she didn't know who "grabbed" her....she was instantly furious (and wrong).it's ridiculous to try and make this particular instance racial.replysharewhy is it so hard for you to believe it's not? black children, especially black boys are never seen in the same light as white children. don't believe me ask tamir rice. oh that's right you can't because he was murdered by an overzealous cop.replyshare13 likesshow 12 more repliesbut we must believe the victims!!! i believe her!! /s/replyshare2 likesat least this woman had the decency to apologize for a false accusation, which is certainly more than ford did.replyshare2 likeswhy should dr. ford apologize? i can see from your comment that you are on of those trumpian who believes trump/kavanaugh's line. be informed, my friend, that for every one of you there are thousands of us who believe dr. ford 100%.replyshare7 likesit should  not be a matter of me or you for that matter "believing" anything.  that is the point.  she chose to make the claim.  she chose to come forward.  she chose to testify.  in the end she could not prove a single solitary fact other than she told other people about it, which is nothing more than hearsay evidence.  my problem with all of it is that we have a system in our country that provides that people are innocent until proven guilty.  it works.  she tried - with the help of the democrats- to bypass the system and go straight to guilty until proven innocent.replyshareinnocent until proven guilty also applies to accusations of lying. do you have evidence that dr. ford's testimony was a lie?replyshare3 likesshow 6 more repliesgood, humiliation toughens the skin.replyshare2 likesthere should be better ways to "toughen the skin". not like this. but, i don't doubt that he'll come out stronger from this.replyshare
## 91
ban all these religious private schools and stop giving them tax payers money.replyshare53 likesthis is not the only problem, they are also buying up hospitals.   christian schools and healthcare.  a nightmare.replyshare19 likeswhy im jewish and think its a good thing for my kids knowing there heritagereplyshare3 likesi'm not saying it's bad or they shouldn't. they can be religious and keep their status as a private school. just stop taking money from tax payers. how dense are you to not get what i'm saying?replyshare19 likesshow 17 more repliesit is a bit ironic that right-wing conservatives who freak out about islamic religious schools want to do the very same thing by pushing their kids into christian religious voucher schools. jon stewart said it best, "religion, it's given people hope in a world torn apart by religion."replyshare19 likesand our laws! a great book is "god vs the gavel". it goes into great detail on how religions keep getting privileges to not follow the same laws as the rest of us.replyshare7 likesthis is why private schools shouldnt be taking public money.replyshare11 likesthen stop donating to them. jeezus. not that hard.replysharethey're called taxes! what don't you understand!replyshare8 likessigned,dude clueless about 501(c)3 statusreplyshare3 likesshow 1 more repliesits interesting how white people chose whats acceptable of black culture the kardashians and others appropriation of black culture to make money but how you style hair is wrongi dont see the issue the hair looks fine for schoolreplyshare10 likesyou don't make the rules for the school. parents send their kids to private schools because of the discipline and rules rules. he can always go back to the public school and try to get an education there.replyshare4 likesread.  this private school gets public taxpayer money.  therefore, it's not entirely "private" and must adhere to the laws governing pubic schools.replyshare17 likesi pay over 60k for my daughters to get a great education i dont see how this is a issue to you but my daughters hair is more like the child in the story and yeah i have a right to speak upits so annoying how some things in black culture is loved and desired but others are notreplyshare2 likesits simple. there is no legitimate reason for the rule, and its obvious purpose is to discourage black children from attending. its transparent. its pathetic. its shameful. and its racist. the little guy looked adorable!!replyshare8 likesread the article with attention. "  in charge of a predominantly black school ". i doubt they are trying to discourage black children from attending.replyshare1 likea florida school bans progressive hairstyles? is that a hairstyle that supports medicare for all?replyshare8 likeshey bigots, behave or you can pay, dearly.replyshare6 likesthis isn't going anywhere they can decide any hair rules they want, you dont have to attend.replyshare3 likeswell then they can return all the tax payers money the received.replyshare19 likesnope!!replyshare3 likesshow 8 more repliesas a public school educator for 29 years, i celebrated all my students!  it did not matter!  all were individuals who deserved respect and most importantly, love!  it is surprising what love for each, as an individual, will go to make a difference in this world!replyshare5 likesi went to a catholic school and i followed its rules. one being a dresscode on haircut.if you dont like the rules enroll somewhere else.this whole issue isnt about race or anything its about following the rules or not. just as what you would expect in an office.replyshare3 likeswell, you're wrong! this school receives public funds!replyshare3 likeswell then you should expect the school to follow the rules [read: laws] around accepting state funding.replyshareeveryone here is leaving out the "racist issue" here. have any of you ever heard about a religious order of color doing all these ridiculous things that they are doing with taxpayer money?that organization would be rejected from the voucher program immediately.napoleon was quoted in a book of quotes i read years age as saying "religion is the only thing that keeps the poor from slaughtering the rich.replyshare5 likesmy black friend attended the same catholic school as i. he never had this issue because everyone attending followed the school rules on uniform and haircut and presentability.jeezus you americans keep making a big deal and pasting racism to everything frivolous and not even an issue.next thing you know people be crying out racism as to why there are few black skiiers in the winter olympics.or why there are no black ninjas in the world.replyshare2 likesyour catholic school did not receive public tax  funds! jeezus, what don't you understand!replyshare2 likesi dont understand why you americans act as if telling kids not to have dreadlocks to be so mortifying... whereas we have real issues in the world...like child brides and beyonce paying sri lankan women 64 cents an hour to produce her brand...or peta still going around murdering animals and claiming its "mercy killing"...see morereplyshareit isn't the hair policy but the segregation policy.  charter schools get to pick whom will attend their charter schools.  white only need apply.replyshare4 likesmy son went to a charter school with more minorities than whites and most of them haitian. so you may want to research a little further. great school, but i ended up just going private. his school was too secular for my taste.replyshare2 likestoo secular?replyshare2 likesthe charter school my kids went to chose students by lottery and was very diverse. great teachers too. i don't know if our school was typical or not.replyshare2 likesstop giving public money to private religious schools. also, even if i personally dislike religion and am an atheist, don't put your child in this christian school, find another, or give him a good public education.replyshare4 likesthese so-called christians would totally freak out if they saw what their jesus' hair really looked like.replyshare3 likesracism, misogyny, homophobia, and xenophobia go hand and hand with christianity in america.replyshare2 likesnp cut your hair just like a white kid would have to if he wanted to go there.replyshare3 likesgreengrapes, orangebike, goldlamp,  and oliveleaf  how much they're paying to you guys? at least try harder with those fake profiles.replyshare1 likea school is only as good as it's principles.  this school fails badly!  i wonder what would happen if a white child with dreads came into the same school?  yeah, i'm betting he would be enrolled with no exceptions.replysharewrongreplyshare
## 92
modern jim crow or maybe jim crow never really ended but white people want us to be reminded where our lace isreplyshare57 likesjim crow indeed never ended. keep fighting, brother...most white people are with you and more and more of us are openly on your side.replyshare46 likesthis message was deleted.this message was deleted.gee, your world seems a little bleak!replyshare6 likesthis message was deleted.this message was deleted.gee, since when are you black?replyshare1 likeshow 8 more repliesits one thing to call the police. its another for them to arrive and remove the student.  the police are just as much at fault for obliging this ridiculous professor.replyshare46 likesyou have to remember that the police forces are an outgrowth of the slave militias whose duty was to "put black people in their place, period, no matter what the circumstances".if the student was white??replyshare2 likeswhat tf did that instructor think she was going to prove by going to that ludicrous, and extremely cruel, extreme? i sure hope she isnt tenured, and therefore nearly impossible to get rid of. the student should file a grievance, which will be backed up by the videos-recorded on the same phones that infuriated the instructor. all this bad press should motivate administrators to give professor peevish her two week notice, effective immediately.replyshare41 likestwo weeks notice applies when someone quits.  firings usually take the length of time needed for security to escort the person off the premises.  personal effect will be boxed and sent to the person's residence.replyshare18 likesshe needs to be fired. by her actions, shes taught those students what ails this country, and she has nothing else to teach them that students want to listen to.replyshare19 likestenured faculty can be fired for a variety of things including harassment, which this is.replyshare20 likesshow 2 more replieswhat is it with these racist white people? all the professor had to do was ask the student  "to kindly put down your feet, this is a classroom not the student lounge". makes me wonder how many legitimate 911 calls were missed due to this ignorance by a professor?replyshare37 likesmaybe she did and was ignored. sounds like she has control problemsreplyshare4 likesexactly. there are so many ways this could have been handled, beginning with the instructor taking stock of whether this needed to interrupt instruction. she could have opted to talk to the student individually after class or during a break. strategically calling in le for such minor infractions makes the instructor appear petty and incompetent. not a good look for someone aiming to have an impact on student learning.replyshare9 likesi see white people put their feet up in chairs all the time.cultural differences notation: in my day, which has not elapsed, properly reared children of the black community knew better than to place their feet on any furniture, most especially where others would be looking to sit. it was assumed a child neither wanted or needed feet found placed on furniture. such behavior was to be reserved for white people, consistent with their rude and disrespectful way at that time.replyshare18 likesshow 12 more replieseach one of these incidents, along with the cop shootings of unarmed black men and boys, cause black people to hate whites more and more, to the point that the races will probably never come together. but im sure that pleases the powers that be that exploit us both.replyshare24 likeswhat narrow-minded person is going to "hate" another race based on poorly reported stories like this? are you stereotyping just a little?replyshare11 likesgo to fox news, breitbart and infowars and post this same comment.replyshare26 likesyou do realize this site is the same as fn and breitbart just leaning the other way, right? take an honest look around at the comments and you will see the vile from the left. it's ok and i don't care that people do it, just don't act like only one side is guilty of it.replyshare5 likesshow 12 more replies911 what's your emergency? there's a black person doing stuff! .... hello? hellooo?__________.replyshare21 likesthe problem is, the police respond and give the caller the satisfaction of at least a harrassment of the offending 'undesirable'.replyshare17 likesif she has to call the police to deal with what she percieves as a minor discipline problem, then she's probably in the wrong line of work.replyshare19 likescouldn't really see the inciting incident on the video, but unless she had wile e. coyote dynamite sticks between her toes, the instructor's actions seem ridiculous (if not racist). what i found most disturbing about the video, however, was all of her fellow students barely looking up, much less protesting, the introduction of police into the situation. way to go, kids! keep checking your facebook.replyshare16 likespep larson - seriously. i would have waited until the class resumed and gotten up and walked out - with my back to the instructor for as long as possible. ironically, i just finished reading the article on pelosi and how the younger people elected to congress want to take over the leadership role. nice start.replyshare4 likescoming in deciding that you are taking over is a problem and beyond disrespectful. do you abide that in your involvements. most of humanity balks at such a concept.replyshare2 likesthis is as ridiculous as the barbecuing-while-black incident of last summer. were the student's feet depriving someone of a seat? there appears to be enough room in the lecture hall. why have some people decided to waste the police's time to enforce poor etiquette?  so the professor is the one who did the actual disrupting of class. smh!replyshare14 likesi am most upset how the students in that class sat on their hands as this violation of civil rights took place right in front of them. they should have been vocal in protest and should have all left the class with that womanreplyshare13 likesat least one had the good sense to record the incident and post it to the public. that was his form of protest and it worked!replyshare4 likesi'm going to call her academic anita, the latest in a wave of neurotic white women who have called the cops on innocent black people. in keeping with the absurdity of it all, i wonder if the police asked the chair if it would like to press charges?replyshare13 likeswhy isn't this a crime?and i'm not talking about the student who put her feet up on the back of the chair, either.seriously.  they need to start jailing these white people who call police for things like this.replyshare9 likesyoure absolutely correct. what crime did she report, and why did they even respond?if she reported that the student was being aggressive in threatening manner, then she should be charged with, false reporting. the teachers behavior in itself is a crime, an enormous waste of taxpayers dollars, and look how it has ended up traumatizing not only the student, but her peers, and the image of the entire university. there will be an expensive investigation, possibly litigation costing tens of thousands of dollars. the price of racism is terribly high, not only in dollars, but the anguish and death toll. well, that speaks for itself.replyshare3 likesi don't know how i made it thru uni without being arrested at least once a week.replyshare9 likesthis message was deleted.and i can't help but wonder if they were disappointed that she cooperated and didn't give them the opportunity to put their foot on her neck.replyshare3 likesand i can't help but wonder if you weren't a little disappointed they didn't.replyshare1 liketheir behavior on arrival may be described as complicit, but showing up when someone calls isn't. and seriously, do you think that this woman called and said, "i need an officer sent out, there's a student propping her feet up in a chair"? of course not. people call and complain about something/someone being suspicious, or disruptive, causing a disturbance, blah blah blah. a dispatcher who says, "yeah, i think you're full of it" and ignores the call is going to be unemployed, because at the end of the day, the person answering the phone can't actually see what's going on.replysharethe professor needs to have her credentials challenged.  she's 1/2 step away from a major breakdown.replyshare9 likesand not one student had the courage to stand and follow this girl out of the room.  power prevailed and they were all taught the wrong lesson.replyshare7 likesonly in the usa!replyshare7 likescrying again, though i am old and crusty. there is no protection to be had, for your existence is your vulnerability. this should not be. nor can this be a spirit crushing experience. so prepare to be calm and collected. prepare to activate immediate video documentation. prepare to choose not to clown so the absurdity of your experience will not be obscured.and prepare to be embraced by right thinking people of every persuasion and ethnic grouping. the world is on your side.replyshare7 likes
## 93
this message was deleted.with you on this! i have no problem with people protesting by taking a knee during anthem.  i hope all of us have a big problem with people killing other people for no reason.replyshare220 likesthis message was deleted.this message was deleted.stop pretending to ask, your opinion, based on your own words is already made, sir! have a wonderful day.replyshare78 likesthis message was deleted.this message was deleted.i notice you never even mentioned the innocent man shot by the police while doing his job. i guess an innocent black man is still guilty in your eyes.replyshare55 likesshow 139 more repliesdisgusting.  you can bet that if the security guard had been white he would still be walking around today.  sounds like murder to me.replyshare249 likesthe nra would be praising him as a hero.replyshare68 likeswhere is the outrage from white community organizers, like laura ingraham and sean hannity?  where is the outrage from the whiteonly nra?  where is the outrage from the whitesonly president trump?replyshare134 likesthey are waiting until police finish investigating roberson's home.  he might have paraphernalia and 1.7 grams of weed on his coffee table... which, as you know, changes everything.replyshare174 likesshow 20 more replieswhen are we all going to stand up against men and boys being shot because they are black??????come on america - this is not who we want to be.replyshare122 likeswell, some of us don't want to be like that but half the country does want to be like that...and that is the problem..replyshare75 likessadly might be true but half?replyshare5 likeswell 62% of white america that votes, vote republican. so it makes you wonder how much more of the non voting population feels this way. i know, i know.. all republicans aren't racist but.... if you're republican your probably a racist.replyshare73 likesshow 34 more repliesso the police took dylan roof, robert bowers and gregory bush live - all who were armed and just mass murdered people and then they murder this hero.  no words.replyshare93 likesthey are white, he was black. watch how the stories of how he was a thug start to come out, and pictures of him with a gun......replyshare41 likesexactly.  and they better not release any blood evidence that he had trace amounts of pot in his blood or some garbage like that.replyshare13 likesexactly.replyshareshow 4 more repliesall they needed was a good man with a gun .....ohhhhh wait they did have a good man with a gun ....i guess that doesnt work either ..ha ?replyshare71 likesthats the problem with good guy with gun.  first responders dont have a scorecard to tell good guy from bad guyreplyshare17 likesand the assumed that all brown guys are bad guys ...replyshare23 likeswhite only need apply.replyshare9 likesa black man will never be seen as "a good guy with a gun" our implicit bias against black americans just won't allow it. this turns my stomach.replyshare66 likesonly denzel washington or will smith in the movies.replyshare8 likesgoddamn right youd better investigate it.replyshare54 likes"we're the police and we've completed our investigation of us and we find that we did no wrong."replyshare57 likesand we the people reply, yea that doesnt work anymore.replyshare21 likesthe officer felt his life was in danger.replyshare9 likesshow 4 more repliesa midlothian officer encountered a subject with a gun and was involved in an officer-involved shooting. already , the chief goes into protect-the-officer-even-when-he's-wrong mode.replyshare51 likes"involved in an officer-involved shooting".  weasel words from the police chief.replyshare5 likesthis is why taking a knee is important to us.replyshare46 likesit will be interesting to see if more knees are taken on the football field during the coming weeks; this is a good opportunity.replyshare8 likesnothing new... shoot first, ask questions later.  watch for the union president to defend the "officer's" actions.replyshare33 likeseuh only if the suspect is blackreplyshare1 likean you wonder why nfl players take a knee in hopes of drawing attention to black shootings by cops? if that security guard was a hero he would know be getting decorated by trump on stage! while trump says: see if security has guns they can stop shooters in their tracks: how did that work out for you all?replyshare31 likesoh if he was white certainly !! then it would the democratic mayor's fault !-sargereplyshare2 likesso you can be a good guy with a gun, just not a black goodguy with a gunreplyshare30 likesyou got it.replyshare5 likesexactly. this is their thinking.replyshare
## 94
good. now let's get going on making some indictments here starting with this corrupt administration.replyshare14 likeswhen will trump figure out it is unpatriotic to sell out american citizens?replyshare3 likeshe knows, he just doesn't care. his allegiance is only to himself.replyshare3 likesyou are delusional. what did owebama ever do except divide, apologize, talk america down, destroy the economy, heighten racism and double the national debt?if you need a.list of president trump's accomplishments to date i will supply.replyshareshow 2 more repliesand the orange runs with these crooks. make americans punks again.replyshare2 likesno problem. they will be pardoned by the president.replyshare2 likesim confused. they caught the russians in a parking lot in the hague with their surveillance gear in full display. they even tried to destroy their phones. were they arrested?  sent home?  i know the phones and laptops had a treasure trove of information.replyshare1 likethe russian hackers could have obtain the same information with lavrov & kislyak going to the oval office and talking with moscow donnie (aka david dennison).  afterwards they could pose for another picture with them laughing together.replyshare1 likebut trump said it was ok.replyshare2 likesdid any of them have the last name trump?replyshare1 likewait, he said we where safe and he said we were tough on russia? no, it is the chinese!no, it is the dems, they did it. no, it is the dutch, they made it all up. no way putin did this, just fake news. it is just like the non-fake president we now have.replyshare1 likethe russians are not so bad,  putin is my friend. what he ordered this botched job and tried to assassinate people in britain. inconceivablesigned bone spurreplysharestill cant stop that third world country from doing this? the us is gigantically responsible for the technology, yet stopping these drunks is difficult?replysharecolossal waste of time. will any of the 7 be extradited? show up in american courts? lolreplysharethere's no expectation that the indicted russians will be captured and put into us prisons, though if they're not careful in their travels, that could happen. indictments like these are intended, among other reasons, to show justification for sanctions against these people, which can cause problems for them no matter where they are, and the people they work for in the russian government, and to lay the groundwork for future investigation of and indictments against the broader network of criminals, some of which might be apprehendable.aside from the indictments, the investigations that led to them help the us figure out and hopefully plug some of the methods by which these attacks are carried out.replyshareso all that time wasted charging 7 people in russia who won't be extradicted or actually be here to face any charges.replyshareshouldn't investigate attacks on our country if we can't prosecute the offenders.  just let them have at it.   got it.replyshare7 likeswaste of time.replysharetime that could disappear for individuals if these systems were to fail.not a waste of time, preventing the interruption of it.replyshare4 likes
## 95
gee... all those thousands of white guys in prison for murdering other white people would be surprised to hear this.replyshare47 likesi was framed!replyshare7 likesoh since you only are here to kill black folks i will just put my gun away and you can go now to be apprehended alive later by the police.this is 2018this is the usathis is the world trump wants and so do his cultists.that  is allreplyshare47 likesnick i'm beginning to think it's 1933-34.replyshare12 likesi wish i could return my ticket to the trump world amusement park. i didn't realize my life would be on the line.replyshare8 likesnot sure if the guys father put his gun away.  he probably was shocked by the remark.  as was i.  im not a vigilante so if someone said dont shoot, i dont know if i could still shoot them.  id love to be an avenger, but im not sure how much god would appreciate it.  or if you prefer, my own conscious.  i doubt the guy let him go because of his reason.  but who knows.replyshare6 likesshow 4 more replieswhites don't kill whites, boy sure glad he cleared that up.another good guy with a gun story...quaint.replyshare39 likesthis one actually is a good guy with a gun....replyshare5 likes...that did not stop a bad guy with a gun.replyshare25 likesaccording to the anti-gun advocates, good guys with guns don't exist.  at least he, a white guy, tried even though he failed.  kind of debunks the myth that all white people are racist.  come to think of it, i'm surprised this article is even herereplyshareshow 3 more repliesahh... the vast majority of murders of white people are at the hands of other white people.  the vast majority of murders of black people are at the hands of other black people.  those are the facts.replyshare28 likesthat's because the real estate industry segregated us long ago. crooks generally prey on those they know or at least have access to.replyshare6 likesbetcha i know which political party he supports.replyshare21 likesi bet we could both guess his favorite president in history, too.replysharethere are actually quite a few to choose from. don't forget that trump keeps a grotesque looking bust of the "proud indian killer" jackson in his office; seen behind the navajo code talker veterans in the photos when he "honored" them.(the first quotes are for quotation, the second for sarcasm)replyshareso we didn't send any white guys when we fought germany in wwii?replyshare13 likesso it was a racist attack on blacks.replyshare13 likesthis message was deleted.don't care what they like or dislike.replyshare2 likesbest quote of the year : "i'm not calling [him] a racist, but racists are calling him a racist."- andrew gillumreplyshare5 likeslet's see if the uniter in chief responds to that comment.replyshare13 likeslet's see if faux news responds or even reports on thisreplyshare11 likesbet the gop sure won't bring up this story when they hold their rallies and drum up fear over a caravan of poor starving refugees south of the border.replyshare7 likesamerica in the vicious age of stupid.replyshare6 likesi blame all this violence on the leaders of government from the top on down.  the man at the top encourages violence against others at his rallies, though he denies it even though it is recorded.  now there have been bombs sent to the people who have confronted him.  now his followers state the bombs are fake and a democratic conspiracy.  really, those people live in an alternate reality.replyshare6 likesso you're saying violence started when trump got elected. before him, there was nonereplysharei know for a fact that a bunch of us white guys aren't fascists.  i've always tried to arm myself with colorblind weapons, just in case!  /s/replyshare4 likesbefore its added into the public discussion, his ignorance is not a mental disability.replyshare4 likeswhites dont kill whites??? tell all the people in mass shootings ie las vegas, various school shootings...the list goes on...tell all those survivors that have family murdered by white men that and let us know how that works outreplyshare2 likesand now we'll find out just how many violent interactions with neighbors and law enforcement before this, but never with him losing access to guns. because, white man.replyshare2 likessoooo i guess - the civil war, french & russian revolution and both world wars were killing fictitious people of color and this young man 20ish ----  thank you for explaining that -- i guess we don't have to ever worry about going to war with russia --- because they are white>>>>replyshare2 likesnotice how the media everywhere kept the core of this "hate crime" quiet. didn't know the victims were black until i saw it here. nowhere in the milwaukee news was the story reported as it is here. "shameful"!!"another trumping"!!replyshare2 likesput him in gitmo with the other terrorists.replyshare1 likeanother bush brother.replyshare1 likehung him upside down on the town square.replyshare1 likeout of curiosity, i wonder if kroger is going to change their firearm policy... i mean i can walk in with a rifle slung (well no i can't, not without being gunned down by police), but if i go in barefoot i'm committing a cardinal sin.replyshare1 likehe has a mistaken notion, whites don't kill rich whites.replyshare1 likea good guy with a gun stopped this from being worse than it was!replyshare
## 96
the cop lied and was wrong. they won't be able to prove that it was murder and the cop will get off. a classic trick of deliberately over charging a police suspect. they do it down here all the time. i'd have more faith if they charged him with manslaughter.replyshare11 likeswhy did it take four years to being him to trial?although other cases took even longer...must be really hard to indite a cop.replyshare8 likesin america next to impossible. police state like societies and a corrupt system make it as hard as any 3rd world country.replyshare2 likesit's the usa's version of a speedy trial.replysharepolice superintendent admits mistakes have been made in the black and latino communities. now that is a step in the right direction. my foot. if he was aware of these mistakes he should have done something about them when he became superintendent. i recall when the new major was elected in new york city the entire police force turned their backs to him when he made a speech promising improvement in the relationship between minorities and the police department. it may be sold as a few rogue cops being out of line but the reality shows that entire precincts are guilty. it is not a few rogue cops but a few decent cops who are afraid to open their mouths. maybe it is the serpico history that sets the rules.replyshare5 likesthe cop shot the teenager sixteen times?  who did this cop think the kid was?superman?replyshare4 likeslook up the "tueller drill" - police are trained to use deadly force for knife-wielding assailants within 20 feet. however, given the number of officers present, and the relatively slow escalation - kid didn't pull knife and immediately charge - nobody thought to have tasers in hand and use them?replyshare4 likesnot 20 feet actually its much father. 35 feet is normally considered to still be a dangerous situation. part of it is the fear factor that is drill into these civilians. cops after all are still just civilians with a badge. so even with overwhelming force they are terrified of any situation where total compliance is not followed.replyshare16. incompetence or compensating?replyshare3 likesthe reasoning is that if lethal force is necessary, you shoot until the threat is ended. or as one prosecutor put it: if it's okay to kill him, it's okay to kill him twice.the issue with this particular shooting is that mcdonald was stumbling along, knife in hand. he punctured a tire on a police car and walked past the shooter, apparently ignoring commands.so it is a real question as to whether the shooter - at the time of the shooting - had a reasonable fear of death or serious bodily harm. and, if he did not, did he had probable cause to believe that mcdonald was a threat to the police or the public?imho, the dashcam video doesn't show that mcdonald was a threat to the officer. however, he was armed with a knife and was very close to the officer (but not facing him.)oh well, that's why we have juries. but i think that officer van dyke is in real trouble.replyshareanyone willing to take bets against the jury in this case (and the alternates) being comprised of more than one african-american, even though we comprise a substantial part of the population of chicago?the outcome of this shooting was predestined the the moment the cop open fire on him.replyshare3 likesthe police union should set up a fund coming straight from all officer's paychecks every month or maybe from their so-called "forfieture laws" for insurance that the settlements that police are forcing taxpayers to have to pay for cop incompetence and brutality is coming out of cop's pockets. taxpayers should not have to pay for police brutality ever. police and their union should be responsible for this. it could/would be different if cops were forced to pay for their own misconduct. it's time to correct this brutality and tax dollars spent on it.replyshare2 likeswe hope justice is done this time. but no guarantee on a case where cops lied and covered up for each other so blatantly.replyshare3 likesfour years later?  nothing like swift justice for law enforcement crimes.replyshare2 likesi guess kaepernick was really way off base huh?  this shooting was obviously a total accident.  i mean it is so easy to accidently put 16 rounds into  one of our citizens and not realize your gun had gone off.  incredible.replyshare1 likebut they say this is a war on cops. this is a war on bad cops. so sad the police union" refuse " to acknowledge this fact when evidence is so clear. the head judge sees all regardless what an earthly judge rules. we will reap what we sow.replyshareprobably more than 2,000 murders, mostly black on black, since this shooting.  where's the outrage for that?  in reality, the only people harder to indict/convict than a cop are black murderer's as evidenced by the extremely low homicide clearance rate of  the chicago pd.replysharesince 2001, tens of thousands of americans have killed other americans like the sandy hook shooting, or the killing of the concert-goers in vegas!  wheres the outrage for that?replyshareactually in-public mass shootings are relatively rare - certainly not involving thousands of people in eight years. there usually is no trial, as the shooter nearly always ends up dead. and there is plenty of public outrage, though it is misdirected at people and organizations not involved in the shooting.replyshareyou are seriously misinformed or very ignorant.  the outrage for those incidents were the days and weeks of continued media coverage.  in one weekend in chicago there were 65+ shootings with 10-12 dead.  that's one city.  after two weeks there were less than 5 arrests, wtf???  please try to defend that.replyshare
## 97
he shouldnt be treated like everyone else, he should be treated more harshly. abusing someone is bad enough, but abusing someone when you are trusted and tasked with protecting them is beyond inexcusable.replyshare33 likesit's actually pretty rare to go to jail without being charged with something.  in fact, they are setting themselves up for a lawsuit by doing so.replysharehe has been charged, read the article, dimbulb.replyshare11 likesyou again?  read above.  the article has been updated since my comment.  no need to call names even if i was wrong.replyshareshow 2 more replies"before moving to the sex crimes unit, kimball was accused in 2009 of grabbing a womans hand and trying to make her touch his genitals while he was on duty."so they figure what?  this guy has an obvious interest in sex crimes, so he's a perfect fit?replyshare29 likesits funny how a rapper in united ssttes 6ix9ine tekashi got off with 4 years probation and not having to register as a sex offender.when he post a video online of him, his friend and a 13 yr old girl engaging in a sex act.replysharewtf does that have to do with this article???replyshare11 likesnothing; it's just misdirection, a red herring.replyshare6 likesshow 1 more repliesi often wonder why the media only show the faces of some perps and not others, things that make you go hummm....!replyshare16 likessimple, no photos released/available.replyshare1 likehe's a cop, there is a photo on public record.replyshare1 likethey can't release the photos of the victim because she's a minor.  they won't release the photos of the perp because he's a cop.  they get extralegal protections and immediate legal representation...privileges not available to normal people.replyshare5 likesshow 1 more repliesthis message was deleted.i agree, they should have extra long mandatory minimums.replyshare4 likesin jail because he can't post 2 million dollar bond, yet he is on paid leave.replyshare11 likesyeah, wtf??? maybe department policy??replyshare2 likesunion contract.replysharetrump has already reached out to him just in case the acting attorney general doesn't work out.replyshare9 likesthinking girl with the dragon tattoo.it's so simple, people: stop believing those in authority or uniforms are conferred some innate goodness. in fact, we should put preventive systems in place, assuming such situations will arise.replyshare3 likesstarting with the men in suits with little american flag pins on their lapels who govern and make laws we must obey.replyshare2 likesyeah, maybe someone could do to this cop what lisbeth did to her "guardian" in the book.....  ; )replysharegood for him. he is now qualified to work in the trump administration.replyshare4 likes"....the district attorneys office will not give kimball any special treatment because he is a police officer...."  <<<   the person who made this statement is a bald-headed liar.     anyone else arrested for rape,   does not get "administrative leave,  with pay",  while awaiting trial.   he's either a perp,  or he's not.    if enough evidence and testimony exists to justify an arrest warrant,   he should suffer the same way anyone else does....income deprivation,  while awaiting trial.    for us small fry out here,   that means you almost immediately can't afford a good defense lawyer.    then,  the d.a. pressures you into a plea deal.    that's how the cookie crumbles,  for most of us.replyshare2 likesif convicted on both felony charges, kimball could face a maximum sentence of 19 years in prison,...he should get life!!!  he is in his 40's this isn't his first time i betreplyshare2 likeswhy do think all those rape kits are left on the shelf to collect dust?replyshare2 likesif kimball had watched some of the law & order episodes over the past twenty years, he would have been able to predict his future in a penitentiary.replyshare2 likesthe perp was from ventura; change that headline or add the word "county".  the city of los angeles is an unfair target here.replysharewondering if he's black cause those are the only cops that don't get special treatmentreplyshare1 likenot understanding why he is suspended with pay while being held on 2 million dollars bail.  that seems like an oxymoron.  frightening also that he has been on the force for another 12 months before these charges were brought against him; i would imagine that there are other victims...you don't do something like this just once.replysharedoes this blue life matter?replysharei'm not trying to stick up for cops  or this cop, but i am trying to comment on our bail system:that bail ($2 million), without even being charged is clearly meant to keep him in jail.  it's worth noting, that if they haven't charged him (much less indicted him) there's a good chance they won't.  bail isn't supposed to be used to keep people in jail before a trail is held to determine if they are guilty.  it's just supposed to help assure their appearance in court.  on paper, a cop with a long service record, a home and family is an excellent candidate for a very low bail.  especially since he can pay for the whole ankle monitor thing.they abuse the bail system like this for two reasons:1- to be cruel and abusive2- to help increase their conviction rate tremendously.  people in jail are  much less able to defend themselves, especially if they aren't wealthy as most people lose their job (and thus any chance of having an attorney) when they are jailed.  also you can't gather evidence, investigate, pay damages etc while you are in jail.  often in jail you can't even read what the law is that you are accused of breaking, much less research case historys of others that went to trial for the same and/or related cases.replyshare1 likei agree with you about our bail system, but bail isn't set just to make sure someone shows up for court.  it's also set high---or bail isn't given at all-- if someone is deemed a "threat to society", if they committed a violent crime,  non-violent crimes, such as drug crimes, are a different storyi would consider this guy a threat to society.    rape is violent crime plus the victim has a right to feel safe, knowing he's in jail and not back out onto the street where he could find her and threaten her and her family.replyshare4 likesyes, it is frequently set high for people that are allegedly dangerous.  the problem with that is twofold:1 - it's unconstitutional and thus anyone (even if they are dangerous) with a paid lawyer can get bail except in capital cases.2- those who aren't dangerous and don't have a a lawyer often stay in jail (see above) because the prosecutor says they are in an effort to win more cases.replysharesounds like you didn't even bother reading what i wrote.  and, i see by another comment you make that your sole concern in this case is for the detective.and, btw, i know a little bit about criminal law.  i'm a retired law enforcement officer and i have a jd degree.what do you have apart from a concern for this cop?replyshareshow 5 more repliesone more perfect job for a sex criminal kinda like preacher or priest to name a fewreplysharefigures, cops can't be trusted.replysharethe united states needs some chinese justice, for dirt bags like kimball, and every other scum bag in the district of criminals and wall street....a bullet in the back of the head. a clear message to the next public servant or ceo, to not violate the trust of the american people.replysharejust where would you start???  btw, threatening public officials is illegal.replysharethreat? christ where is the threat?replyshare
## 98
what???? was she wearing them on her head with a big sign attached?replyshare32 likesthis message was deleted.she actually is quite pale, and therefore appears to me to be a zombie.accordingly i should be allowed to bash her brains in with a baseball bat.replyshare8 likesso you enjoy hitting women? you must be a liberalreplysharewhoosh, over the head.replyshare15 likesshow 6 more repliesthis is exactly why rapes go unreported. shameful.replyshare21 likescan you explain? pleasereplysharereally  -  first it was short skirts and when that stopped working they have gone to underwear.......replyshare21 likesif you were the attorney you would use anything you have or find. i say let the juror do their job.replysharea witness saw his hand on the teen's throat... so a virgin consented to sex in front of other people? and the accused knew what her underwear looked like under her clothes? or in order to not consent to sex, women must wear granny undies? or maybe burkas ireland? this is just so f---d up on so many levels. between your archaic abortion laws and this crup, scratching ireland off my bucket list.replyshare19 likeshow about letting the juror think for themselves?replyshareso now the manufacturer and retailers of these thongs can be taken to court and sued for making and selling rape consent garments, right?stunningly ridiculous!replyshare18 likesif you have a daughter you should be incensed by this!replyshare14 likesif you are breathing you should be incensed by this!replyshare33 likeswhy do you need a daughter to be incensed? isnt rape, assault, or violence against any woman reason enough?replyshare10 likeswhat do you mean, buddy?replysharehow would anyone know she was wearing a thong? unless she did a madonna move, ie. bustier.  omg, blame the victim again and again. not the perv male.replyshare6 likesthe guy is being judge, sherlock.replysharegrossreplyshare6 likesso those countries that have their women wear burkas have no rapes right?replyshare6 likesif they get raped in those countries they are thrown in prison or even stoned.replyshare1 likecome on, this is just the argument of the defense, is not a law!replyshareyou have to look at the way she was dressed, well, the only way you can make that judgement is to strip her down to her underwear!!!! the judiciary should be removed. if it was his daughter i bet that the result would be different!!!!replyshare5 likesdo you understand this is the argument of the defense? the jury will take their decision. do you want to repress the attorneys doing their job? if you were a suspect i bet you'd think your attorney must do his best to help you.replyshareo'connell should have had to display her underwear.replyshare4 likesthis is wrong on so many levels, i don't know where to begin. it is just wrong to let this guy go.replyshare3 likesdid he go?replysharei feel very badly for this woman, as it seems she got no justice. 95% of the time, rape accusers are truthful. the fact that her underwear were shown in court just makes me sick! #believewomenreplyshare3 likesdid she use her underwear to tie herself up?  rape is about power over the victim, not visual provocation!replyshare3 likesgrand ma's beware, don't wear thongs!!!!!!!!! you'll be asking for it!!!!!!replyshare2 likesunless the teen was wearing the thong on the outside of her clothes her rapist would know nothing about her underclothes ,,,,unless the defence can prove client has x ray vision ,,,,,,when this person rapes again the cops should hold his lawyer responsiblereplyshare1 likehow did they get her underwear? did the rapist take it as a souvenir?replyshare1 likewhat is the verdict if you don't wear underwear?replyshare1 likelolreplysharewomen's clothing according to a woman's brain are not enticements to rape.  it's ludicrous that there are males on this planet that still infer "if she wasn't dressed that way, she wouldn't have been raped".  rapists are degenerate, violent, sociopathic psychopaths.  when will men realize they can't abuse a woman because of how she's dressed.  what if the tide was reversed.  every time a woman saw a man in an outfit they liked, they accosted that man, probably with help from another person to subdue the man, and tied him up and raped him with objects, sodomized him, totally abused his body in any way they could?  would men be so keen on telling women they shouldn't dress provacatively so they don't get raped?  think about that scenario.  so it's clear, that is not my scenario, nor do i advocate such conduct.    i'm just making a point.replyshare1 likei agree with most of what you wrote, but i think there's a big difference. i know many males who wouldn't have any major problem if the any women accosted them and used him to have sex. they'd just ask how do i have to dress?  unless we understand this situation we're going to have a lot of misunderstandings. we see things different and it's almost totalitarian the way some feminists want the things to roll. now, let's say that's not my scenario nor do i advocate such conduct. i'm too, just making a point.replysharenormal decent virtuous men never rape  or abuse or enslave  another person regardless of the times, what other  "leaders" are doing, or whether the clothing is enticing......  that your grandfather, the airman ,went to strip clubs doesn't speak  highly of him his friends or your family!replyshare1 likestrip clubs bad, virtuous clubs good?replyshare
## 99
when a grown man, with help from others, cannot subdue a 14 year old girl without beating her, we have come to a sad point as a society.   force used to be a last resort.  now it appears to be the first choice.  how will young folks learn to respect the police, if the police are beating them at 14 years old?replyshare136 likesthis message was deleted.this message was deleted.that would be the role of the justice system in a democratic society. there's no good reason to body slam these kids.  you got plenty of cops there, why not just slap the cuffs on them, eh? this just looks like a symptom of a country that's lost it's identity.replyshare23 likesit's is a contraction for it is.its is possessive.its identityreplyshare1 likei'm so glad you're focused on the important issues.replyshare2 likesshow 57 more replieslaying on the ground with your arms and hands beneath you and a full grown man kneeling on your back, makes calling her resisting arrest a real stretch. punching totally unnecessary. sometimes restraining someone requires patience, to let them realize that struggling will not help, and give them a chance to calm themselves. there is no immediate danger, no imminent threat, no "another" emergency to attend to, wait awhile gibe a person a chance to realize resistance is futile, and most importantly you aren't going to hurt them. this super aggressive, escalating demand for immediate compliance and threatening physical harm is bad policing because it doesn't work and it isn't how humans are suppose to act even toward other humans misbehaving.replyshare104 likesyour approach is so reasonable and that is apparently not part of police culture.replyshare44 likesthen become the police. police are only a reflection of the communities from which they are drawn and recruited.replyshare5 likesrecruited for what?replyshare1 likeshow 36 more repliesthese fools can't even arrest a 14 year old girl without resorting to corporal punishment.replyshare59 likesthis message was deleted.guess you just have more experience beating girls than the rest of us.replyshare51 likesi've made thousands of arrests, rich, and they didn't do anything wrong.  anybody can keep their hands apart so that officers can't handcuff them, so officers are forced to use force to get hands behind the back.  this was one of those times.  but, hey, i'm sure you could do better having never, ever handcuffed anybody.  right?!?!replyshare22 likesrick will probably tell you eric garner was not put in a choke hold & stop and frisk was not targeting minoritys baselesslyreplyshare20 likesshow 40 more repliesit's obvious that american police officers across the country need better training in the use of force and de-escalation. they also need a much better screening process for officer candidates.replyshare39 likesthe kids could use some training too....replyshare25 likesyes, blame the victim.replyshare24 likesshe is not a victim.  she was deserving of the treatment she got.replyshare25 likesshow 17 more repliesthat is all good until he lacerates her kidney, which could kill her.replyshare27 likesall the more reason to not resist arrest or be belligerent with cops.replyshare12 likesjust because a person is resisting do not give the cops the right to beat up anyone...they do not have the right to inflict punishment because they simply believe someone committed a crime...and because you feel this way this is why thing are the way they are,.....that's why many cops will be shot first while attempting to arrest people...dont nobody got time for cops thinking they judge jury and prosecution....fugg what you think!replyshare10 likesactually yes, if a person is resisting the cop has every right to physically strike them.  it amazes me how few people seem to realize this.replyshare7 likesshow 4 more repliesthis is why we voted for trump to give handcuffed minority female teens a beat down. anything goes with that great president donald trump,  he is a super smart man with super smart kids and a fantastic immigrant wife. most of all he is forgiving, look how he has forgiven the saudis for 911. he is willing to send them billions in arms so they wont have to use planes next time. good for you mr president keep showing the critics wrong.replyshare23 likesthank you !  agreed we are blessed !replyshare5 likesyou are sloooooooow...replyshare2 likesthey were trying to cuff her but the combination of one female and one male cop could not get her to submit, they did what had to be done. this would have happened with a white kid also but that would not make the news now would it?replyshare13 likesshow 9 more repliesthe cop needs to be fired for excessive force & the kid needs to go to juvie for trespass & assault.replyshare13 likesi didn't see anything about trespassing, and the assault was not visible.  maybe the trespassing can be viewed as the officer thought it was their mall, as it is known when an officer enters the wrong apartment and then shoot someone when they make a mistake.  btw, did they ever say who called, was it a white woman aka mall mary?replyshare14 likesyes she was trespassing it says so in the article.  she was banned from the mall by security from harassing customers and pushing a 5 year old to the ground.  still she returned to the mall and continued harassing people.  i'm sure you'd love to blame this on a white woman calling 911 but sometimes kids are out of control and need to be punished.  their parents should be punished as well.replyshare12 likesi understand that the mother of the 5 year old baby that was assaulted by this brat called the police. i notice that you conveniently over look that assault. you can call her mall mary in your attempt to be clever and denigrate the white race if you like and that is more on you than the 5 year olds mother. makes you racist don't it peggy?replyshare3 likesshow 1 more replieswhen did we have so many rabid dogs in our police force?  i will admit that parenting also plays a role here.  although when you look at how the gop has made it easy for the rich to gut the middle class, the last thing a parent working 2 jobs to make ends meet wants to do is discipline their kid.  flat out greed is tearing our country apart.  the gop is perfectly ok with this.replyshare12 likeswhat these kids need is a good whipping by their parents.  oh, can't do that anymore.replyshare20 likesreally. just because....?replyshare6 likesi hope you are not a parent.replyshare12 likesi have 2 and i did not spare the rod or spoil the child.  they learned at a young age that bad behavior has consequences.replyshareshow 4 more repliesthis thing police have of meting out the first round of justice (a cop beat down) as they arrest someone, or even after they are subdued, has got to stop! they arent paid or authorized to do that. due process and the courts are for that.there should be a law that whenever a cop does that, the suspect goes free - and its a demerit on the officer. that will stop this process dead in its tracks!replyshare12 likesbetter to remain silent and have people think you are a fool than to open it up and remove all doubt...  there should be a law against people thieving oxygen too but i see you're still breathing!replyshare3 likesfascistreplyshare6 likesyou should take your own advice.  the last time i checked police were public servants who get paid to serve the public.replyshare2 likes
## 100another genius with face tattoos.replyshare48 likes....but he's a "star"......smh.replyshare17 likesand what's your point?replyshare1 likehis point is clear: that

